"I got a internet service  from T mobile. Had it one day and then returned it with the labels they send me though a email for ups, 2 months later they are billing me 252.00 cause they think they dont have it, but they cant tell awfull  to deal with , plus 2 months they turn me into a credit collection,  and i owe them nothing , disgusting !!"
Purchased an upgrade on my phone through their online rep. The phone I wanted they did not have in the local store so I asked if they could ship it to the store and I pick it up there. I was told this would not be an issue so we completed the purchase and I paid taxes and activation fees. Received text and UPS tracking notification that the phone had arrived at the store and was ready for pickup. I get to the store location and was told they don’t have the phone but they can see the transaction on my account. My only option is to wait in limbo while they “do an investigation.” In the mean time the money I paid can’t be refunded and I can’t upgrade my phone or do anything until they complete their investigation. No one can tell me how long it will take or what their process involves. There is no one higher up I can speak with and nothing else they can do. I was told by the store sales person they usually don’t allow shipping to stores because this has happened before. If this is an issue why would it be an option at all. They know I don’t have the phone but someone signed for it at the store or a nearby business. Store claims the person who signed is not an employee there. I get the need to investigate but why hold me in limbo for who knows how long when they clearly know I don’t have the phone. Do better T-mobile!!
"Absolute worst customer service ever. I have spent hours on the phone with them, I have been transferred to multiple Indians, Pakistanis, and god knows what other nationalities to no avail. I am done dealing with those cretins and I will take my business somewhere else. I have been with them for over 10 years. I guess they really do not care for their customers. They convinced me to change my old service with the new Internet Air. Well, it does not work. They also refuse to send tech to install it because they say it is child play. Now they will not take back their new machine that does not work, while disconnecting my old one that was working just fine. I am left with no internet, and zero help from ATT. But I bet they will keep sending me bills. Oh well, Spectrum Internet, here I come. You just gained a new customer by default."
"Very poor connection, hub was in living room and cannot get decent connection to Bedrooms. Connections lost few times a day cannot properly WFH."
I bought a screen protector “for life” for $50. meaning - they said - if mine cracks I just stop by the store and get a brand new one for free.well mine cracked and I went to the store and they said they have no records of me buying it but if I want I should purchase it again so I can have it.so basically they’re telling me to pay twice for the same service. I went to different T-Mobile stores and they say the same thing.ABSOLUTE SCAM. DO NOT recommend.
The support they give is horrendous. All I want to do is connect a Dream Machine Pro to the ONT. I don't want to be locked into a rubbish router that I can't use for my network!! I would just stay away. I don't believe an actual network engineer works at this company.
"My wife and I have been customers of Vodafone for many years, but our recent experience has greatly undermined our trust and confidence in them . My wife had a contract for a mobile data device to which an 'entertainment package' for Spotify had been wrongly applied by Vodafone without her knowledge of consent. This is at the same time that Vodafone was also applying a fee for a Spotify to her mobile phone contract and to my mobile phone contract. She has complained but so far they have not apologised or refunded several hundred pounds for which we feel we have been overcharged. As Vodafone know, it is not possible to use Spotify via a mobile data device. Nor is it possible to have more that one Spotify account registered a single email address held by my wife. Whilst refusing to refund us, they do not seem to be able to prove that the entertainment contract was requested by us nor give any sensible account of why a single customer would have sought to pay for more that one Spotify account through different contracts.I no longer trust this company and trying to resolve this issue through their customer service team has been shambolic and disappointing."
"Tried to join on the web, page said a problem so I called, firstly the Indian woman didn’t understand and I got cut off! She rang back so fair play, not understood again so passed me through to the new team! John who sounds like he’s eaten half of Newark was much help as a chocolate fire guard!! Went to get a manager. I got cut off again!! No call back.  The funny thing is I’ve not even joined yet and they are useless and secondly I was a magnet there and left cause they were crap. No improvement and I think I’ll join sky or virgin"
"I recently ordered a Full fibre broadband from Vodafone. While ordering online, i was told that Vodafone will take care of the switching process and let Virgin media know that i am switching over to Vodafone. Immediatly after the order i got an email from the Virgin Media as well. After the installation, when i spoke to Virgin Media, they mentioned that Vodafone has not notified them of the installation date so they have not siwtched off the service.Vodafone said they can not notify virgin media since its a completly new line and not a take over of Virgin media line.Now i have to pay to Virgin Media for an another month to serve the cancellation notice.Vodafone has completly brushed off their responsibility of providing false information at the time of order and customer service representative after showing the snapshots of the order process stating that Vodafone will take care of switching process and notify Virgin Media said that i should have ordered by calling instead of ordering it through website as information on website may not be accurate."
"I being a geriatric customer and being totally disabled, have been treated with total disrespect from a phone company who has lied to me never explained any 55+ services.Disgusted. Have been a long time customer. Am not even able to read the phone due to my geriatric condition."
"Woefully incompetent  tech support mostly from India or China.  Can't understand barely a word they say.  Staff, while friendly are terribly incompetent.  Shipping of new simm card was aborted due to their error.  Advised me to go to local store for new simm.  Local store was better but didn't know how to transfer old number to new account.  I was told to call back their incompetent, online tech support which was just as clueless.  T-Mobile cannot afford competent staff."
"Order was placed on 12th September 2024 and installation was carried out by Cityfibre on 1st October 2024 and I am still without broadband on 4th October 2024. I have spoken to Dai at Vodafone today and have been told that my account has not been activated and will probably take another 3 days, despite Vodafone having already had 19 days in which to do this."
Atnt is the absolute worst! One manager told me one thing last week and today after holding on for 2 hours on the phone to speak with a managerthey changed their whole story I have had Atnt for over 12 years but no more! They gave me false information and changed my plan without informing me. I had no idea.#dontgetatnt
"I was disconnected three times before being able to complete my support request with a T-Mobile representative. I inquired about an additional T-Mobile line of service for a new SyncUp Tracker. I told the representative I was calling to find out what promotions were available. The representative said if I ordered a new line of service, I would receive a new SyncUp Tracker for free. She specifically and unequivocally assured me the device would not be part of any T-Mobile financing agreement. She asked for my credit card to pay the sales tax charge. I provided her with my credit card information. The T-Mobile agent said she would email me an e-signature to sign so she could ship out the device. When the e-signature form arrived, it carried a 24-month finance agreement. I was extremely suspicious and asked the representative to explain. The representative told me, in no uncertain terms, not to worry about it. The representative said the e-signature form was the only form T-Mobile had at the time. The T-Mobile agent said that once the device shipped, the agreement would be cancelled, and I would receive the device for free, without any financing and without having to stay with T-Mobile for 24 months. I signed the agreement, knowing I had the buyer's remorse period as protection. The agent gave me her personal guarantee that I would get a free tracker without the financing agreement. After my phone with the T-Mobile agent, I called T-Mobile and spoke with several representatives as well as a billing supervisor. Each T-Mobile representative said I entered into a financing agreement. None of the subsequent agents or supervisors I spoke with about this incident cared about the fact that a T-Mobile agent had defrauded me. All anyone from T-Mobile had to do was listen to the recorded conversation I had with the dishonorable T-Mobile agent, and it would be clear that the agent deliberately lied to me.I made multiple requests to have the representative I spoke with call me back. I never received a call."
"I want to share my recent experience with your customer service team when I called 08080034515.The first time I called, a woman answered and asked me to hold while she checked some information, but the call got disconnected. I waited for her to call back, but she didn’t.I called again, and this time a man picked up. Me as a non-native English speaker, I found his speech very fast and unclear. To make things worse, there was a lot of background noise—people laughing and chatting—which didn’t sound professional at all. When I couldn’t understand what he said, I asked him to repeat it, but he still spoke quickly. then I asked if he could slow down, and he sighed loudly, which felt very rude. whats your problem?I told him that if he didn’t want to help me, he could ask another colleague to take over. Instead, he left me on the line without saying anything, and I could still hear the noisy background. When I tried asking if he was there, he didn’t respond. After a while, I was suddenly put on hold with music playing.I had my recording with this!  do you want to hear how you treat your customers like that? This is truly the first time I have encountered such service even in other countries or other customer services,  with absolutely no basic respect at all.Is this how your company treats customers? I’ve always had a good impression of Vodafone—the staff in stores and the online chat team have been polite and helpful—but this was a terrible experience. I can’t imagine how an elderly customer or someone else who isn’t fluent in English would feel in this situation. It’s not unreasonable to ask someone to speak more clearly or repeat themselves when the background is noisy.Thankfully, my third call was a completely different experience. A different woman answered, and she was so patient and polite. She spoke clearly, and there was no background noise at all. She listened carefully and helped me solve my problem. I really appreciate her professionalism and effort. If every customer service agent were like her, this company would be so much better.I hope you take this feedback seriously. Bad service like the second call can drive loyal customers away, but good service like the third call makes people want to stay.Thank you."
"Consistently poor Internet. Drops out frequently, ATTs own speed test shows they are delivering 20% of the promised speed. Spoke with their ""support"" group multiple times and they are rude, refused to escalate and last time put me on hold for 34 minutes and came back to say they'd call back. That was 2 weeks ago and no call. I'd switch to any other provider, but att is the only option on our road. If you have ANY other options use them."
"In November 2023, I ordered broadband, received the kit, booked an installation date, and then... nothing. No contact from the provider on the scheduled Friday. I called them on Monday, only to be told my order had been canceled because they couldn't actually provide broadband in my area. I filed a complaint, but it didn’t get resolved.Then in April 2024, I received an email about possible compensation. After spending hours in chat, I was told I wasn’t eligible for compensation after all. Later, I was informed I could claim compensation, but only for a few days. They blamed it on an automated system sending out emails indiscriminately. Here’s the kicker: I was marked as an inactive user at the time, so either someone made a mistake, or the system has serious issues (Skynet vibes?).The irony? My neighbor in the terraced house next door has no problem ordering broadband, but every time I check for mine, it’s unavailable. After spending two more hours in chat, bouncing between departments, I got nowhere. My next step is OFCOM—at this point, Vodafone owes me around £2,000 in compensation."
"Left us 7 days without broadband, and provided around 200mbs of speed while we are paying for 900mbs !!!The customer service we engaged with after installation kept lying to us about what will happen and that someone is working on the issue, instead it became apparent that they were simply hoping it will resolve itself.We first waited the 24 hours for internet to switch on. nothing. then 1st call they told us actually its 48 hours. nothing. 2nd call ok they tried something to fix it we need to wait another 24hours. nothing. then 3rd call same just give it couple hours. I persisted kept asking for update. nothing day 5 I started recording their conversations and said I would publish this to show people how rubbish they are. I even called the cityfibre who installed it. first got some headway with them they told me the status of the line, that its not them because the connection to the home is valid, but the Vodafone have not ACTIVATED it. its the router basically. Vodafone denied it. when threatened with recording and more they still persisted I have to wait and wait and wait. keep resetting router each time. nothing new. finally after a week of waiting the internet finally came on.We were some tired from that ordeal that we did not want to go to someone else, but now after 9 months of experience we should have. Internet is on 95% of the time, but sometimes randomly resets. looses connection despite router being on. this is annoying as I work from home and can be on a call with someone or you are watching a movie and it just cuts off have to wait 5 minutes for it to come back.Last straw was when I checked the speed just now. I was checking it few times throughout the 9 months and it was NEVER higher than 400mbs where they promised 450mbs minimum and the speed actually  should be 900mbs. today it was 180 - 220 mbs.My ping in games is 40 at best, usually 60. that is appalling level of broadband. I had better ping when had 15 mbs broadband 15 years ago.I am connecting to the router directly with fibre internet cable to my PC. so the measurement is as close to the broadband speed as can be."
"I switched my phones in October 2023 and they offered me  a new plan (expensive of course) promising pay more on trade in, however they didn't gave the the credits yet. Every month I have been on chat to try solve the problem....and the bad part, the plan (5G Go) is the same than last one (magenta), just more exepensive"
"Been without wifi for over a week now since the date to fix my wifi keeps getting pushed back, first to last Saturday, then to Sunday, then to Monday, then to Thursday, then to yesterday, and now to next week's Wednesday. Frick att, they don't wanna fix my fricking problem"
"Okay, going to take a moment to vent and to save anyone else the grief.  First of all I have ATT as my wireless provider and my internet provider.  Well, a couple months ago we were having issues with our phones and we took them to the ATT Store in Valpo.  They were awesome.  They fixed her phone and found us some ""savings"" on our account.  I haven't really seen much of that but that's not the point.  They also convinced us to with to switch to their internet air by offering a considerable discount.  While I wasn't thrilled to switch to internet by air for my home internet, they had a trial period and the discount was substantial enough to make me try it.  Well, the end of the trial came and the service was, in a word, eh, but just as good as what I had so with the promised discount, I determined worth it.  Well, one month went by and the discounted rate was not applied.  Two months, three months, still nothing.  Finally I called to ask where the discounted rate was.  After about 20 minutes, the apologized and stated that the discount did not apply since we were already an ATT internet customer.  I explained and asked why did they think I would switch if the discount didn't apply since I had their service already?  After about 20 minutes I was promised that they would honor the agreement made in store and apply the discount retroactive......Problem solved, right?  Nope.  Two months later still no discount.  I call again.  Same story, no discount since I was a current customer.  Again, I asked why would I have switched then if I wasn't promised a discount.  Surprisingly they had no answer.  This time however, after waiting 30 minutes on hold, I was told that I need to go back to the store and talk to them but they will not be giving me a discount on that service. So basically ATT lied to me twice.  I informed them that I will not be returning to the store.  I will be taking my overpriced wireless accounts and my home internet to another provider so the only contact they will get from me is how to return this egg.  So, the moral of the story.  If you have ATT, be aware they do not care about their customers and if you don't, LOOK ELSEWHERE.  Their service isn't that great and their company is a bunch of liars that will say anything to get you off the phone.  Oh, and I have been on a waiting list for well over a year for Fiber interned and still no closer.  Good thing at this point."
"Chose to switch to Vodafone from BT. Fibre broadband provided by City Fibre. Initial date was 16th Dec 2024. There was an issue with installing the fibre from my home to the cabinet due to a ducting fault outside my home. City Fibre (I have a separate review from them) said the fault would be fixed in a day or so. Didn't happen and when I contacted, I was told by City Fibre the date would be 7th Jan. Vodafone were aware of this via City Fibre but omitted to inform me. City Fibre although not a customer facing organisation did in fact provide me with this information via a real person - not Vodafone's extremely poor TOBi thing :(On 7th Jan, nothing had happened and I contacted City Fibre again to be told the new date was 10th Feb. Again Vodafone knew but simply didn't let me know. I wrote a negative review of City Fibre and they came today (16th Jan 2025) and seemed to have resolved the issue.Later today I received a message from BT that my service would be stopping. The Vodafone router still had not synced and had no internet. So I'm in a position where I could lose my working BT Broadband and have no Vodafone Broadband. Remarkably bad. Why turn off a working system when the replacement has not been verified. BT dropped this evening at 10pm, but a reboot seems to have brought it back for now - I'm using it to write this.So this ""One touch switch"" is worse than doing it yourself as at least that way you know you won't be without an important broadband connection.Oh, to use TOBi effectively, you need a PIN. You can't set the pin unless you activate your online account, which you can't do if the service isn't live. I'd love to see the test plan for that feature set. At least today, the third time I spoke to an adviser, I was told that they could set a PIN for me. Third time lucky.I look forward to Vodafone's response :)"
"I have never in my life experience such shotty service.  Our phone service is constantly going down, speed is representative of dial up, phone goes into SOS mode constantly.  Tried calling tech support and they just try to sell you more services.  I can't wait to switch!"
"Well, vodafone.Order phone pay upfront charges.Get to the store to pick up the phone after receiving an email to do so.Store doesn't have the phone. Ok, no issues. I'll wait a few days.. but no.. sorry you have to cancel the contract and do it again. Are you having a laugh. That is going to affect my credit score!Two hours later, iv offer to get it sent to me or wait or even go to another store, but they refused to help me at all.That's fine. we have 4 contracts all up for renewal. I guess we won't be using vodafone after their joke of service.Literally, everything we ask for with help right down to seeing if they would check stock in another store they would even do. Wouldn't give me a number for customer service. Literally couldn't care less. Didn't even get an apology. Sorry, it goes a long way! But not to them clearly.Walked down the road to ee. Got phone in 2 mins flat.New life long customers for them.Didn't want to do another search, but since they gave me no choice, I won't be using that search to give them money."
"T-mobile deserves zero stars. This is a very expensive service that cannot back up the high prices with not even mediocre service. I consistently had a single bar, the spinning wheel of death, a minimum of 40 minutes wait time and up to 4.5 hours on hold with customer service. The promise to buy your phone is ONLY on paper. You actually get nothing for a trade in. I was also promised $150 in Sam’s club gift cards. I never saw them. I had to pay $700 to purchase my phone so I could get a better carrier for more than 1/2 the cost and far superior service. AVOID TMOBILE!!!!"
"i have been with AT&T for 20 years. I went in to our local store to upgrade, I was shocked when my bill finally posted. I told the sales person in the store that I did not want the protection plan. It was on my bill along with the AT&T next up. I couldnt get through on the phone so I chatted with a rep. who said if its been under 2 weeks, I need to go back into the store. I did and local store said the protection plan and Next up are automatically added. To cancel you have to go online through the app. which still leaves me oweing the fees. I am furiuos. Not only did theyput the charges on my bill, the local salesperson never said anything about it to me."
So I got behind on my bill. Paid 288 less than 2 weeks ago. Was going to pay 288 again in a few days (when I get paid). Billing cycle doesn't end until the 7th and today is the 1st. They shut off service and say I gotta pay 63 to restore service....customer service is a joke. Looking at switching carriers as I write this. DONE WITH T MOBILES LIES
"Don't get involved in AT&T.international conversation, they charged 125 dollars, then we canceled it, they issued an invoice of about 500 dollars without any evidence, in short, they bring your money to the game and take it from your pocket, international conversation is free in other operators, so stay away from ATT"
"My phone's screen broke and I ordered a new one from Vodafone on January 4th,2025. I received an e-mail with Delivery date:Delivery on Tuesday, January 7th, 2025, between 8am-6pmIt hasn't been delivered. excatly hasn't been despatched (January 10th,2025)I have contacted with an adviser on web site chat and said to me that your order already despatched and will be delivered today.There is no any delivery, any despatch. There is no any notice about delay.Shopping from Vodafone is a complete regret.If I bought it from Amazon on the 4th, it would be delivered on the 5th.I don't recommend anyone to shop from Vodafone"
"the worst provider ever, I have switched from virgin media to vodafone and despite me receiving the email about the sitching and activation date,they did not bother to even conact virgin media about the switch and they installed a new braodband for me today. now i have two broadbands at home because vodafone did not do their job properly and I have to  go through so much hassel and costs to sort their rubbish job out."
"Dreadful customer service. I am moving house and do not have a date confirmed, so I contacted Vodafone and explained that I only know a rough time which is a few weeks, the agent said this is fine as I can book a slot for 2 weeks, and then simply call to delay it for as long as I'd like until I get a date confirmed so that I do not go without internet, sounded good, so firstly they set it up for the wrong address, so I spent another hour on chat changing that, then I was told an engineer is needed, then they told me no engineer needed, they finally got the right address and it was booked to go live on the 19th, still no move in date so I go to chat to delay it, another hour on chat constantly repeating my full name and account number over and over, only to be told that as its a migration, the date cannot be amended, so I was lied to from the start just to keep me as a customer. Very dishonest company and agents who have zero clue what they are talking about."
"signed up for home internet never worked properly. (spotty at best) Contacted them 4 separate times, no better. wanted to cancel had to complete billing cycle. charged for somthing that never worked as promised."
I went into the store and was standing there for a good 10 mins whilst the sales assistant watched me obviously aware that I needed help eventually he asked me what I needed help with I said I'm interested in this pay as you go phone he said we don't have any of the pay as you go phones without even checking to see why put about 20 pay as you go phones on display if your out of stock and don't have them  it's a waste of time for the customer it's not rocket science to remove them from display if there not in stock available for sale.
Day 7 of problems with mobile phone signal in the Kendal area. It's almost impossible to make/receive calls or texts. Had the exact same problem a few months ago for 5 days.
"Dear Vodafone and CityFibre,My name is Ramazan K****, and I subscribed to Vodafone's ""Full Fibre 910 Mbps"" plan on November 6, 2024.I was informed via SMS, email, and phone calls that an engineer from CityFibre would visit my property on November 22, 2024, to install and activate the internet connection. On the scheduled date, two engineers from CityFibre arrived, but they encountered a blockage in the underground duct running from the internet distribution box on the corner of a nearby street to the front of my house. As a result, they could not pass the fiber cable through. They assured me that a team would return within a week to resolve the issue.Since then, both Vodafone and CityFibre—who were very attentive and communicative up until that point—have seemingly disappeared. Despite contacting customer services via phone and written communication, and even reaching out on social media, my issue remains unresolved.I want to stress that no one has come to address the issue since November 22. Please refrain from saying, ""Our team has looked into this,"" unless there is concrete evidence of action.I work from home, and this delay has caused significant disruptions to my professional life. If this issue can be resolved, I urge you to take immediate steps to fix it. I also request a clear, concrete explanation regarding the situation.If this problem cannot be resolved, please inform me transparently so I can cancel my subscription and explore other options.Thank you !"
"AT&T definitely has a customer service issue.  I notified AT&T before I moved out of my apartment to have service cancelled.  They told me at the time that I had to turn in the modem.  I told them at that time, and several times after that, that I didn't have a modem. I told them there was a big built in box with a door in my closet and that the modem must be built in.  I had always lived in a house and knew where my modem was located. I talked to them several times before I moved about the modem, and no one ever told me that the modem was in the box.  I found out from apartment management that there was indeed a modem in the box, but this was after I moved 6 hours away.  I explained the situation to AT&T and asked if someone could pick it up, and they said no.  People are moving in and out of the huge apartment complex all the time and most use AT&T, so someone could have picked the modem up.  Now three months later, they say I owe $150, didn't offer me a way to pay in installments, and turned it over to collections.  One of those times I spoke to them before I moved 6 hrs. away, someone should have told me where the modem was located.  They just don't care!"
Avoid ATT. They have zero service support. You will only get frustrated with recordings that go around in circle. My account was locked out on weekend and ATT would only answer the phone on business hours Monday -Friday!
"Mobile wifi does not work consistently and cuts out intermittently during the day. I've tried multiple times to cancel this and I'm told the fee will be £400+. It is just unbelievable I am stuck with this, and unable to buy fast reliable internet with another provided as I'm tied into this contract. I can't afford another monthly fee on top of this one. My partner works from home, and has cut out of many online video calls. It is embarrassing and she is now worried about her job security for this reason now."
"WORST EVER!! Tech has been out 4 times, problem not fixed. Tech called today and said his supervisor told him not to do anything,  that they could not fix the problem with my fixed wireless internet. That's it, no remedy, no option...nothing! Canceled my account. Been without internet service for 3 weeks, this is the worst company I've ever dealt with. Will never do business with them again."
"Awful, they offered me an upgrade to super fast fibre broadband at no extra charge and stupidly i took the bait- The connection dr0ps out at least 10 times a day, i now  cant work from home or stream apps on my tv due to the awful connection issues. For four months ive called them and they have asked me to do a range of tasks and if anything the issue has got worse- in the midst of cancelling my contract and claiming compensation but they keep delaying by asking me to do tedious tasks  like swap out the Cables and move your router so its in the middle of your room- yawn/!!  dealing with customer services is just as bad as they ask me the same questions every time i call as they don't seem to be able to pull the data from previous calls...exasperated is what i am."
"If you want the too long don't want to read.  Do not use T Mobile.  They are a terrible company.  Pay the extra 10-15 a month per line for a real telecom provider.T Mobile as a company is simply not in compliane with Federal Trade Communication guidelines and generally does not adhear to business practices set by the local Chambers of Commerce for each and every region within the United States they operate.I decided to try out the service, it bare functioned.  The modem died, I tried to get it repaired.  They added to much friction to that process and actively refused to repair the T Mobile 5G modem.  Come today.  I have a $500 USD bill for services not rendered as they were keeping the account running for what appears to be 6 months even though it's a month to month contract (auto renew without consent is against several FTC guidelines and policies).  They made it very difficult if not impossible to cancel my account.  They've designed so that you have to call them and they spend 30 minutes trying to keep you as a customer.  I'm sure I cancelled the account in the past but here it is.I called today to see if they could make it right.  They made course of action except to pay the debt collection agency.  Their service was sub par and quite frankly it was a terrible experience overall.  If you operate an Authorized T-Mobile reseller or repair center.  Quite frankly I would find a more honest company.  The negative karma you're generating working for T-Mobile will come back to haunt you.A final note.  To any open source projects such as OpenStack or any other project managed by the CNCF or OpenInfra Foundation.  Please do not accept code commits from a company which does not operate ethically and within the guidelines of what I believe are pretty normal business practices.  Their customer service personal are trained to ""handle"" customers, they are not trained to resolve issues."
I ordered full fibre to the premises on 6th November. My install date was yesterday 27th November. Having had my old copper calling removed and all the necessary fibre installed. I was told that the Openreach connection on the pole outside hadn't been activated . Having spoken to Vodafone they are telling me the earliest Openreach can look at this is the 5th December. I now have no phone line or broadband. Despite informing Vodafone I have a daughter who has a disability and it is essential I am able to contact her. They said there is nothing they can do. My mobile phone does not work from my home 90 % of the time. So I don't  really know what to do. I did ask Vodafone if they could supply a dongle but they said no. Given I was bombarded with text messages regarding the installation I would have thought Vodafone would have checked there was a viable connection in place.Order number: WEB-0001000041337817Messaged Vodafone as requested.Nothing they can do.
"We had T-Mobile internet service for 19 months.  The T-Mobile service at the beginning was pretty good, with the service freezing needing a restart only about once a week. However, the towards the end in August of 2023, the gateway(modem) needed to be restarted several times a day in order to function. Around the same time T-Mobile removed the $5 discount for auto pay if you were using a credit card. Something they had allowed for over a year. On Aug 23rd we ordered Xfinity. The Xfinity gateway would be delivered in several days. On Aug 24th, 2023 I called customer service and told them I wished to cancel. However, customer service said I needed to try a new gateway first to see if that would correct the problem. I figured I would compare them both. T-Mobile sent a replacement quickly, but it did not do much better with Mbps download of 44.  The Xfinity gateway came a few days later with Mbps in the 400's for downloads without any problems. I canceled T-Mobile service on Sept 2, 23 through their customer service. When canceling they requested the 6 digit number that I gave them when I signed up 19 months earlier.  I gave them the number I had written down in my T-Mobile file. The customer service rep said it was the wrong number. I said that is the one I uses. They said it was imperative that I give them the 6-digit code.  I asked if they could use my soc sec number or email me a reset and they said no. They said that I would have to physically go to a T-Mobile store and request my 6-digit number after they verified my identity.  I drove to the nearest store located at 2024 IL-50 Ste A1, Bourbonnais IL 60914 and spoke with a rep named Michael.  He said he could not give me the 6-digit number and told me to call customer service back and tell them so. I went home and called and told them what he said, and they said okay and that they would email a return label for the gateway.  I received the email with the label on September 2nd, 2023 and returned the gateway to UPS. T-Mobile received the gateway on Sept 11 23.  I received a letter stating that ""They received the gateway, and no further action is needed on your part."" Then on Sept 19, 23 T-Mobile collected an auto pay of $55 from my credit card on file.  I called my credit card to dispute the charge.  T-Mobile sent me a new bill asking for the $55, plus $25 for a chargeback, Plus the next months $55 for a total of $135.  I called customer service on Oct 7, 23, and they said I needed to go to an actual store because they could not help me again because of the 6-digit pin saying the one I gave them was incorrect. I went to the store in Bradley Il and they told me that the account had never been canceled, even though customer service sent the return label and had received the gateway. The store contacted T-mobile customer service from their store and eventually a very rude corporate manager named Patrick said that they insisted I pay the full $135.  I explained I had cancelled the service on Sept 2, 23 and returned the gateway.  He said it was T-Mobiles' policy to have you also physically come to the store to cancel and that it wasn't officially canceled until that day which was over a month later. I told him I physically went to the T-Mobile store but Michael would not give me the pin.  He scolded me saying I should have used the phrase ""I wish to have you cancel my account"" I explained that I had already done that with customer service rep on the phone and that I had told Michael that I needed the pin number for them to cancel it. Patrick from Corporate says that I am repeating myself and it was my fault for not saying that I wanted Michael to cancel the account.  He then said that he would offer me a one-time deal that he would forgive the last months charge and that he was being very gracious in doing so.  I again told him I didn't even have a gateway to use the service and that T-Mobile had it after sending me the return email and label. He again said it was never fully canceled to their satisfaction whatever that means.  We went round and round until I said I would pay $55 for the month I disputed even though I had canceled the service just to end the madness. He said he also insisted on the $25. I said no and that I wanted to only pay $55 only on that day.  He said it would cost an additional $10 to have an operator take my payment.  I asked if I could do it online without a charge and he said yes but it would not give me a confirmation.  Because he was not helpful at all we ended the call.  I went home and paid $55 online and still received a confirmation number. It seemed that Patrick was trying to squeeze even more money from me. The amount of time and effort I have put into resolving this is ridicules. There appears to be no training for customer service either at the store level or at corporate.Update 10/15/23  T-Mobile reached out and we reached a mutual understanding."
"I am writing to formally raise a complaint about the exceptionally poor service I have received, particularly from the Milton Keynes branch, as a loyal Vodafone customer of 10 years. The series of issues I have faced over the past several months has been incredibly frustrating, time-consuming, and ultimately unresolved.I initially began experiencing service issues in August 2024, when I had no access to my phone for two weeks. Due to work commitments in a different city, I was unable to address the issue immediately. Upon returning, I visited the MK branch, where I was told that the problem was caused by an old SIM card. However, despite the fact that the account is in my name and the phone belongs to me, I was informed that no action could be taken because my father pays for the service. My father, who is 68 years old and suffers from dementia, Parkinson’s, and poor mobility, is unable to leave the house easily. Even after explaining this, the staff at the MK branch offered no apology or assistance, and I was sent away without a resolution.The following week, I had no choice but to bring my father into the store in a wheelchair to update the account and receive a new SIM card, which should have been done in the first place. This issue was somewhat resolved for a short period, but in December 2024, my service dropped once again, this time for a more extended period.On December 28, 2024, my service dropped again and did not return. I returned to the MK branch, where I was told that the issue was hardware-related, not the SIM card. I was assured by both Sunny and another store manager that I would not incur any charges for repairs, and it was suggested that I return in the new year to send off the phone for repairs, as this would be quicker.I returned on January 7, 2025, to send the phone off for repair. I was assisted by Avril, who seemed unsure of the process and stated that she ""wasn’t very good at this."" After some assistance from the store manager, I was informed that my warranty had expired just a week prior to my visit. I inquired if there was any possibility of disputing the repair charges, as I had previously visited the store within my warranty period, and was assured by Sunny that everything would be handled, and I should not worry. However, the interaction felt rushed and dismissive, especially as the store was nearing closing time.On January 17, 2025, I received my phone back in the mail, still broken, along with a letter stating that the repair could not be completed due to the warranty expiry. The letter also mentioned that they had attempted to contact me, but I have not received any emails or messages regarding this matter. This is entirely unacceptable. I am now left without a working phone and still being billed for the service.I am deeply dissatisfied with the entire process, the lack of communication, and the ongoing inconvenience this has caused. I have invested a significant amount of time visiting the store, engaging in live chats, and speaking on the phone, only to be left with no resolution and no confidence in the repair process. I was assured multiple times that this issue would be resolved, but I am now at square one, with no solution in sight.As part of the resolution to this matter, I would appreciate a full refund for the two-week period in August 2024 when I had no access to my phone, as was initially promised. Additionally, I request that this issue be escalated to ensure a proper resolution, including repair or replacement of my phone at no cost, given the ongoing nature of the problem and the significant delays caused by Vodafone's lack of communication and support.Please consider this letter a formal complaint. If this matter is not resolved promptly, I will be forced to take further action, including escalating the complaint to the relevant regulatory bodies. Should this issue be resolved, please be assured that I will be discontinuing my relationship with Vodafone after 10 years of service.I look forward to your prompt response.Sincerely,Chloe MayockAnthony Mayock"
"ATT does not care for their customers at all, they LITERALLY ALLOWED SOME RANDOM PERSON ADD LINES TO MY ACCOUNT AND WHEN REPORTED AND I FILED A POLICE REPORT I WAS TOLD OH WELL WE CAN HELP YOU PAU $1,000 or WE SEND YOU TO COLLECTIONS!!!! I HAVE BEEN WITH THEM FOR NEARLY 18years AND THEY ARE SHOWING THEY DO NOT CARE FOR THEIR LOYAL CUSTOMERS AT ALL!!!!!!"
Feel Rubbish Friday...Feel good Friday was such a huge reward for being a customer and something to look forward too.The fact it was removed without any notification or announcement with customer service reps being withdrawn and cagey on social media shows how little Vodafone care.Such a shame.
"Appallingly incompetent customer service.  Have a business account plus opened a personal account, and was too difficult -- over 45mins on the phone...! -- to port a number within their own network.  For a while they tried to claim they couldn't even see the business number.  Then, after being transferred between at least 3-4 different people, the call disconnected."
"If I could give less than 1 I would believe me! This network are financial bullies. I currently have a open financial abuse case against Vodafone. They have made up 6 different direct debits for one contract phone. Charging me almost £250 per month. So I stopped paying all 6 and just paid my monthly bill via the app. Now I'm getting letters threatening me with Debt collectors and they have sent the same ""owed"" balance to 2 separate collection agencies. To which I have paid one when I have been informed by my solicitor I don't have to pay any other than the one stated in my Billing section of my app as that is the only legally binding payment I need to make to cover my mobile contract bill. The amount of letters, emails and calls I get daily, would push even the strongest to become suicidal imo. Steer well clear of their new contract payment design as they dint inform you at the start that you'll have 2-6 separate DD.."
"Be prepared to wait up to 3 hours to get someone on the phone, and then when they help you they will nicely SELL you an outdated phone or their Air internet service that looks like a toy and cannot be setup with customer support only available during business hours. Good luck with tech support. Don't get suckered into their selling tactics. I am on the phone now waiting again. The worst customer service."
Was at target a guy came up offered a good deal 70 bucks a month for 1phone 15 was already on alert phone came first month bill said 170 bucks a month lol sent that junk phone back to them 3 world country dip ish  you can’t get anyone who speaks English just some dumb foreigners sent the phone back waiting been over a week want my 70 bucks back let’s see if I can get that or they probably stole it for a bag of dirty ish rice loser ass company staying with T Mobil
IF THERE WAS A 0 START THATS WHAT I WOULD GIVE THEY ARE THE WORST I HAVE EVER HAD
"I have been a Vodafone mobile and broadband customer for a couple of years and it has worked out ok. Vodafone has a separate app for broadband which enables customers to manage their home broadband from their mobile device and then an app for the other services (mobile, mobile broadband) for account management. When I renewed my mobile phone subscription with them, they amalgamated my billing. What seems to have happened is that they then disassociated the broadband from the main account (although they still bill me for it). When I tried to find answers online, their chatbot wasn't working and the answers in the community forum with any useful information had all been deleted by Vodafone. These are literally the only way that you can get in contact with Vodafone through the Vodafone website or app. I ended up trawling through social media to try to find an account of theirs and found one on Twitter (X) - on that, there is a message for Vodafone UK saying that you can direct message them for help . They have literally disabled their website and are relying on a third party social media platform to run their help desk, for those customers who haven't lost the will to live by the time they reach it. The help function they run via X is on a turn based system, so someone responds to you and then you don't hear anything for minutes at a time as they help other people. It's the most inefficient and ineffectual help system I've ever come across, and I used to be a BT customer so I've experienced some pretty terrible helpdesks. It's unbelievable."
Three weeks after taking a contact with Vodafone I am still waiting for Vodafone to supply the phone to me.Apparently they can not provide a date for supplying it.A bad decision choosing Vodafone.I now want my £50 upfront fee back.As I'm paying for a phone I can't use perhaps trading standards should get involved.Oh look. Vodafone just replied with the exact same reply as three weeks ago.Probably not written by a real person. Just AI standard response.Pathetic really.
"Been with Vodafone for well over 20yrs , I cancelled amazon prime but they still charged me  for it spoke yesterday with customer  service waste of time . They were not interested, can't wait for my contract to finish , cos I will be gone ."
"With what was a good company has turned into a horrible one.  Five agents and five issues later, nothing has been resolved.  Having one agent ignore this customers plight and decide to place him back in line, really says it all.  No thank you, onto their competitor."
"Att made promises (Nick Schwartz) that if I signed up for phone and internet I would get a $20 discount on my bill. We'll after 6 months and 4 phone calls to him each month after the first two not being discounted he tells me I waited to long to contact him and now there's nothing he can do but I should call support and ask if there's anything they can do.  Called support and was told that promotion no longer exists but they can give me $15 off a month from that date forward and they would issue a (6/18/2024) $100 reward card to compensate me for the extra $120 charges on my past 6 bills. Meanwhile I also have a claimed $50 reward card supposedly in the works for my internet service rewards. Then received email that it was mailed july,4 2024. So today is 8/29/24 and I call to ask what is going on with the rewards cards supposedly being mailed and was told even though I never received $50 rewards card they would not issue a new one and that my $100 rewards card should be able to be claimed 8 weeks after approval and that that was still 2 weeks away.  Now my math skills are pretty decent so I replied 6/18 - 8/29 is around 10 weeks.  Then the person I was speaking with really tried to sales pitch me to upgrade my phone and add a line for $45 more a month. Needless to say I told her she was really missing me off now and I would start shopping for a new service provider for my phone and internet."
"So a representative changed my due date with out my authorization and caused a short bill to be generated for 79 dollars, from this they added it to my normal bill of 200 dollars and are now saying I owe $279. I spoke with CJ a manager at tmobile customer service and he said sorry that happened even though we did this without your permission we aren't able to do anything or waive the mistaken bill. That is crazy they won't even fix a mistake they caused."
"Promises were made by one of their phone ""Advisors"" and broken as soon as we got of the phoneIn my case and my opinion I would say shady business practices."
"Multiple salespeople tell you that the first two weeks are a free trial period and that you won't be charged anything if you cancel within this period. That proved untrue.Since the access speed was extremely slow, I had to cancel it within a week of activation, and the rep confirmed that I wouldn't be charged anything. I immediately sent back the device. However, after two weeks of cancellation, I received bills asking me to pay a monthly fee plus one-time charge. T-Mobile is now on my blacklist."
They are slow and have no idea what they’re doing. They are also expensive
Scammed by Tmobile. They don't honor their promos or their trade in offers then they charge to call customer service where they make false promises and never fix problems.
"We are currently on a cruise around Iceland. Two days ago, we received a text and email from AT&T stating:“Your international and domestic data service has been suspended. This action was taken in an effort to prevent a costly bill for international data charges.Please call us at +1.314.925.6925 (24/7, a free call from your AT&T wireless phone) to review your current charges, make payment arrangements, and quickly restore your data service.Thank you for choosing AT&T.”We have attempted to contact numerous times with no luck. We either talk with a bot that doesn’t understand our questions, get caught up in a call loop as the numeric pad selections are not recognized, or simply hung up on. AllThis plus we get to pay $500+ for this “service.”So pathetic and frustrating. Avoid!!"
Very unhappy with the customer service I have receivedI ran out of data and bought 1 GB to tide me over on my trip to London with my young childI noticed I had 2 charges on the bill - i rang and asked for the charge to be removed for the extra data and advisor removed the data I had boughtI then explained I wanted the data I had bought but I didn’t want the future charge for data and the advisor refused to put back the data back on as said I had asked for it to be removed which wasn’t the caseCommon sense surely would be for the advisor to question why I would ring up one day and agree to pays for an extra G of data to then ring back the next day and ask for it be removed 😡I spoke with a manager called Jacob and he again refused to put the date I had paid for back on and said if he did they would charge me againLeaving me in London with no data to get the maps working with a young child
Thanks for the data breach and the prices that keep going up! I can’t wait to switch providers.
"Shambles of a company!I contacted Vodafone on their drive for getting full fibre broadband business.   They checked to see if my postcode and address were compatible and offered a great deal that I couldn’t refuse.  They said they would contact my current provider (BT) to cancel and all I had to do was wait 3 weeks for the arranged date.  A week later the router arrived, no problem.  Next week I got a text to tell me that they couldn’t get hold of BT to cancel so I should do it myself.  Did that and arranged cancellation for 10th of December (Vodafone were meant to instal the fibre on 25th Nov), this took me about an hour between being on hold and answering questions so thanks to both BT and Vodafone for that one.  A few days before the instal date, I got another text to say that due to complications with citifibre, there was an issue and they couldn’t make that date.  The fix was on the 28th nov and Vodafone would contact me then to re arrange the instal date.  I mentioned to them the cancellation date with BT so everything needed to be in for then.  No problem they said.No call on the 28th and then on the 4th of December I received a text from citifibre and Vodafone to simply say my order had been cancelled.  After waiting an age on their hold I got through to them for them to blame everything on citifibre and take no responsibility and say I was cancelled and had to deal with it myself.  They’re weren’t interested in discussing any further and only gave me some useless and meaningless apologies.  I had to call BT and start a new contract which of course leaves me cut off for a week between cancel date and new start date.  Cheers Vodafone you useless bunch of liars."
"unacceptable in everyway $70 a month for complete trash that doesn't work. Too bad they are the only service provider in my area otherwise I'd never use this cancer of a company again, terrible service, terrible latency, overpriced, low speeds. I mean how can you have a company that does everything wrong. I'd rate negative stars if i could"
THE ABSOLUTE WORST! Increased my bill without me agreeing to any upgrades! Spoke to a customer service person that was clueless! Kept going around in circles! Wasted over an hour of on the phone!! HORRIBLE!!
"I would have to agree with the reviews that accuse T-mobile of being scammers. I found out My 83 year old MIL was being charged for T-Mobile $130/month for half a year for a phone she had cancelled. I tried multiple times to stop the withdrawals from her bank account but they refused to stop billing her because she “couldn’t remember her passcode.” The bank claimed they cannot cancel those monthly debits direct from account. They said we’d need to contact the debitor and disturbingly said that T-mobile wasn’t good about complying, I.e. they are scammers. T mobile eventually said she could cancel by going into the store. By the time I saw my MIL over holidays and took her to store to cancel, she was prob out $600 which they wouldn’t refund. What a bull$&@t company."
"I paid off my phone and I switched my service to a new company. I asked T Moblie to unlock my phone multiple times but it is locked for the second week. First time I called I spent 40 minutes on the phone with the T Mobile they told me that the phone is not purchased via T-Mobile so they would not unlock it. I explained that T-Mobile sold me the phone and I used to pay monthly to T Mobile for this phone. She replied that since the phone is not from T-Moble she cannot help me to unlock it. I had to explain again that I have all the paperwork in front of me showing that it was purchased from T-Mobile and in each bill it is stated that I paid for the phone with a final balance to be paid. She asked me to do some resetting and try to unlock it but with no result. Finally  I was informed that I would get an email, and the matter would be taken care of by the technical department and the phone would be unlocked within 72 hours. I did not get any email and after 4 days the phone was not unlocked.Next time I called I spent 80 minutes on the line with T Mobile going through settings on my phone and mostly waiting on line. The lady told me that the phone was not used so it cannot be unlocked. I explained that I have been using the phone for a year. She replied: “since the phone was not used the phone cannot be unlocked”  I had to repeat that I just said that I was using the phone for a year. And so on, and so on. Finally she said that the phone will be unlocked for sure this time in 24 hours. But nothing happened. We talked 2 days later and went thru the settings and I was told that the phone will be unlocked in 24 hours. It wasn't. I called 2 days later and I spent 2 hours on the phone with one lady and next another gentleman. Finally he asked me to go to the T-Mobile store. I explained that I already did go to the store but they said they don’t handle unlocking the phones and I have to call T-Mobile. But he explained that I need to go to another location so I did go to find the same reply, “we don’t handle the unlocking of phones, please call T-Mobile."
"Back in about 2009 T-Mobile sold my personal information. As my contract was coming to an end I was contacted by phone by someone asking if I wanted to renew my contract. I went ahead assuming it was T-Mobile at the time, but it turned out to be '3' Mobile and I didn't realise they had sold my details until I read about it, and being naive about mobile phone companies, I thought that '3' were part of T-mobile. I only found out about the data being sold by reading about it in the papers at the time. Needless to say I haven't used T-mobile nor '3' mobile ever since. However, we are now in 2023 and I'm still receiving scam and spam emails from all the usual culprits at the rate of some 15-20 a day. It is so brazen that they always quote a reference number and guess what? It is is the last 9 digits of that original T-Mobile number I had so there is no escaping who is to blame. Beware they will sell your personal details! Also '3' Mobile need a mention too as they bought those stolen details, so don't trust them either. I've left this for so long but after all this time I've finally had enough and the fallout from a company that still drags on. Someone less aware will get stung no doubt further by the scam emails proliferation. I would have liked to have given no stars to both those companies"
"No spending on infrastructure shows how crap this mob is...it's now as bad as 3 network...disgusting.. I had to write this therthered to my EE phone because it wasn't possible to do from my unlimited high speed 5g vodafone connected mobile... choose ee or o2 if you want your mobile to work in peak times, which everyone needs... that's why they call it peak!"
"I spent 8 hours trying to activate a phone and port a number over.  It was finally determined the phone was defective. After being transferred to 7 different people and a whole lot of lip service I decided to just cancel everything and return their equipment.  Then the 2nd s**t show started trying to get a transfer pin number so I could have my phone number back.  They refused to release my phone number with out a text being sent to the phone. The phone was broken and did not work.  Morons..... I ended up having to go to a store to have them call and get me a transfer pin number which took another hour.  If I could give a ZERO star I would,"
"The worst customer service experience of my life!!!!Long story short I received a notification about an outstanding balance on my device plan on the 10/1/2025 which paid immediately.After I'd made  the payment and contacted Vodafone, they advised me after 20 +minutes going through the same information that the payment would take 24 hours to update.However, on 16 January 2025,my phone service was barred. Despite 13 attempts to contact the free customer service number, being left on hold and also having the phone disconnected by Vodafone, the issue remained unresolved.The customer service team said I'd failed to pay the outstanding balance of £21.00 even though I have photographic evidence (screenshots from my banking app) that I offered to email them. Said customer service advisors informed me that Vodafone don't have an email address??? Unlikely don't you think?  I told one of the customer service advisors that my mental health has severely been affected by this as I have been going through a very difficult time at the moment, due to being in temporary employment and the added pressures of the financial impact this has had on me. I have ADHD and its proven very difficult to find a permanent role.To which I was greeted with radio silence from the advisor and a very patronising and uninterested tone. They do say if you want a job doing do it yourself and so I spent yesterday afternoon having to visit my bank for payment details and then a Vodafone store to resolve the issue, because the customer service advisors left me on hold. The whole situation caused me to leave work early because the stress and constant pressure made it impossible to concentrate at work and as a result I lost 4 hours pay.If I hadn't visited my bank or the Vodafone store yesterday, my phone would most likely still be blocked due to no fault of my own.The lack of empathy, professionalism and respect is absolutely disgraceful and I dread to think how many customers have to put up with this.I'm lucky that I have the support of friends and family, but for customers who are alone, and in severe mental or financial difficulty, an experience like this could really drive them to despair. I got a robotic, lacklustre response to my complaint with £10 Compensation against my next bill! Such an insult. I'm looking forward to July 2025 when my contract ends and I can leave Vodafone for good.Absolutely shocking service, received and to be penalised for actually paying your bill is beyond a joke. I would avoid Vodafone at all costs!!"
"I hate this company.  Last month they had 52 bucks of my money sitting on my account and wasn't going to apply it to anything telling me that they don't know why I paid it and my bill wasn't due. Then I pay 70 bucks thinking it was to the internet since the link said internet but guess what! It was to the wireless and now my internet is off, and after explaining to the rep. What took place, it's my fault because I paid with speed pay on their app. Are you serious.  So now when they return my money, my services still won't be restored because now since the services are suspended I can no longer do a split payment. Are you kidding me! I'm 🏃‍♀️ back to xfinity!!!! Listening to other people about cheaper services shoot I rather pay 220 dollars a month for faster service,  better customer service,  and payment extensions. I can't wait to cut AT&T off. Plus I can't never get anyone that speaks fluent English it just bothers me I have to repeat myself over and over, then they cut me off when I'm talking, then I can't understand them. I'm just over it. Never again!!"
Very rubbish network company. Internet sucks all the time
"All I can honestly say is, they are not an honest company and you would be better to pay off any equipment that you have, albeit expensive in the time, but worth it in the end. Go, matter of fact, run to a different company. They are not an honest company. Nor do they care."
"If Vodafone broadband is anything  like thier mobile phone coverage in my area NR5 9HE, forget it.If you complain they tell you the mobile mast is awaiting repairs and circa two years later we are still waiting. Now they have replied but want me to contact them on one of three social media sites none of them I use!"
12 days down the line hours wasted trying to contact Vodafone with 3 attempts to send a router but still nothing. Our connection line now seems to have a block on it so we can’t even take out Broadband with another company. Which is made even harder with no telephone line or internet. Told I would receive compensation but only if I stayed with Vodafone…!!!!????Last review told me contact Vodafone via Facebook to discuss which has just wasted more time. I really wish I could review -5* here
"Sign up recently on a family plan and what a mistake. Service is terrible. Have to constantly refresh to open pages, streaming is a spotty and lags way too much. It's not just me, it's the whole family. The supposed VIP number that never has wait time, has a very long wait time. I left good service and was over charged for trash service."
"I’m moving to another address and called to move my services. At that time, it was determined that ATT Internet is not offered at that address. So I had the cancel my services. The gentleman was SO NICE and SO HELPFUL! However, since that call, u have received 5 more calls and talked to 2 people who tried to get me to keep my services when I move. WHY are they calling me like they have no idea that they don’t offer internet at my new address? Supposedly the calls are recorded. I’m not buying it. Talked to someone yesterday afternoon and told them to stop calling. Then today someone else calls. 3 of the 5 calls have been within 24 hours. It’s infuriating that my holiday weekend is being interrupted for literally no reason. Maybe they will take me seriously this time when I say stop calling me. GET IT TOGETHER ATT!!!!"
"I chatted with an agent to simply combine my two bills. I have one bill for my wireless account and another one for my home internet account. I requested to have the bills combined into one so that I don't have to pay two separate bills every month. This rep was so poorly trained that he did not even know he had cancelled my home internet altogether. I noticed my home internet not working during our char conversation and mentioned that to him, even tried to resonate with him. I said something like ""is there ay chance you accidentially cliccked something that could have caused my internet issue?"" He said no. Then he connected me to another rep who had me reset my gateway but service was still not restored. Then I got transferred to the third rep andfinally service was restored. Altogether I spent 3 hours chatting with AT&T all just to combine my two bills into one. Now my service is restored but God only knows if my accounts have been combined as I originally chatted with AT&T to accomplish. If I hadn't JUST cancelled with my previous home internet provider and paid early termination fees, I PROMISE I would cancel with AT&T. The gross negligence and complete lack of training is incredibly frustrating. This is NOT the first rep's fault. This is the first rep's manager's fault. The rep should be trained enough to at least recognize when he cancels a customer's service. It would be a cherry on top if he were trained to not cancel the service altogether. I'm Extremely dissatisfied with this interaction, so is my family since it occupied my time for 3 hours. Absolutely terrible interaction, AT&T."
"Bad service, I called and they put hold for 2 hrs , man this is sad I switched from Verizon, they also lied and told me free international calls then charged me 700$ ,"
"Couldn't even use the data for 3 months. Can't make calls while on the road. Luckily I have wifi at work and home.Asked Tmobile tech for help still couldn't figure it out.He suggested I just upgrade to a free phone.  Ok, sounds good. But Tmobile wouldn't take the phone unless I replace the tiny crack on the screen ($120).Decided to switch to Verizon. Gave me three new phones with much better reliability. I guess Tmobile would rather nickel and dime their existing customers and lose a customer after 7 years. What kind of stupid business model is that?Personel at Verizon stores always look more professional and busy compare to Tmobile stores. Hmmm"
This people are real thief’s  !  They sent me an email with an offer and their representative told me to wait a few days to take up on the offer ( maybe he didn’t want to do it at that moment) and to call back on Monday to get that taken care of. I spend all day Monday calling ATT and just kept getting transfer from place to place to than be told that the offer had expired  and there was nothing they could do about it. Even tho I missed the offer because their own employee provided me with the wrong information. This company does not look out for the long time costumer all they care about is the money. This will be the last month I spend with them.
Run don't walk away from them service suks.  Tech guy messed up my phone and voicemails and the supervisor john via chat REFUSED to call me or have someone call me and I have black and white proof of this
"Very very bad company! They sent me a device and when I returned it in same condition they charged me money for it saying that I damaged it! Despite the fact that it already arrived non working and damaged. And they use the fact that I cannot prove it because I took no pictures of it! Also they changed my plan without my knowledge and increased my monthly payment. Also one day I lost my internet driving in the middle of nowhere and lost my map. When I called them, they said that driver was disconnected?!!! What? So it was working before and someone disconnected it on purpose. When I asked for explanation, they couldn’t give one. But the last drop happened today. When I called the company and asked them to unlock my phone because I’m going to relatives funeral in Kiev, Ukraine, they said they would not do it because I’m on contract and it’s not up yet!! And on top of it they tried to sell me more international plans?!!! OMG. These people make money off of your pain!! STAY AWAY!"
"Horrible company. Tmobile use to be good, but the company is declining.  Horrendous customer service, ripping people off, shutting down a customer's phone due to your incompetence. Keep posting consumers."
"I have been a customer for 22 years. Now, they keep on overcharging me. I am very disappointed. I will switch to a different company"
Terrible customer service. Utterly incompetent team who messed up my sim and I had to go a week without a phone service because they cancelled my sim and refused to reactivate it so that I can port out. They also took 60 dollars without my permission and without checking compatibility with my phone. It took them 2 seconds to take the money and then cancel my sim. but 5 days before anyone started on working on my issue. they also lied to me and 2 hrs per day on call with they horrible care reps
No matter what they offer do not allow ATT autopay to access your bank. ATT withdrew $430 from our account for a duplicate phone they sent to us in error. We returned the phone through a certified ATT representative yet they still withdrew the money. After numerous contacts with numerous ATT representatives the money was returned but they immediately re-created the $430 charge. We shut down autopay prior to any further fraudulent withdrawals but now are harassed every month with threats to our credit rating if we don’t pay this money we in fact do not owe. Six months of contact with numerous ATT representatives and the harassment continues though at the end of each contact ATT admits that the error is on their end and it will be fixed through their fraud department. Only days later to receive contact from the fraud department telling us it is not an issue for them and we should contact customer service. That cycle has occurred through eight calls…many last over an hour. In our experience it is the ATT Fraud Department that is a fraud. Beware! Beware! Beware! ATT Wireless says all the right things to draw you in but provides absolutely no support once you have accepted their “service.” And we use the word service with quotes because there is not any helpful service from their end.
Trash and unprofessional never getting no money from me
"We had to cancel our t-mobile internet because the service was awful in our area. I was told I would get an email with a shipping label attached to return the router.  I received the email but with no shipping label attached. Tonight I spent two hours on hold and still don’t have an email with a shipping label. The last person that I spoke with told me I would have it within three hours. That was six hours ago, so I assume I won’t receive it. I believe this is t-mobile’s way of being able to charge the customer for non-returned equipment.  Long story short……buyer beware."
"I got my first cell phone in 1994, just when cell phones were becoming popular. My service then was through AT&T Wireless.  As you can imagine at that time cell towers were few and far between. My cell service then was 10 times better than it is today with T mobile.  T mobiles’ service is absolutely terrible everywhere I go!!   I’ll be loving as soon as possible and will NEVER return!"
"Email these folks and pack their inbox: nicolet.macikanycz@att dot com and john.stankey@att dot comThey are the executive leaders who care little about their customers after being shown numerous screenshots of an in-home salesperson who lied and deceived and made promises on discounts which didn't even exist. Maybe if enough disgruntled people let the leaders know they will actually do something.I would never use any AT&T service ever. In my lifetime they are the worst for customer service.This is what I sent them....I signed up for internet in Knoxville, Tennessee for my son approximately three weeks ago.  While getting the internet installed, an AT&T Sr. Associate In-home Expert (Jay S***) came to sell me AT&T mobile services.  I told Jay S***, I was not interested in converting to AT&T, but he was determined.  Mr. S*** asked about my current mobile bill and said if anyone in my family was in the military or healthcare industry.  I told him my daughter was a nurse and he replied it would be a significantly better deal than what I was receiving through Verizon.  He also explained if I purchased an AARP account, I would receive an additional discount stacked on the healthcare discount. He also said AARP provides insurance for phones of up to four claims a year so there is no need for me to purchase additional insurance through AT&T.Mr. S*** promised me a rate of $127.26 plus taxes for six lines with three phones ported over and three lines with trade-ins of iphone 13 to iphone 15 with all discounts applied and three upgraded phones. I have witnesses to attest the following as well as text snapshots from his AT&T work phone to show what was promised to me.  I will attach a few of the text pictures to this e-mail.  Mr. S*** also claimed I could get the combined (wireless and internet) discount as long as my daughter and I used the same address - I explicitly asked if our names being on the accounts being different would pose an issue to which he said no (text shot attached).   NOW, here is the issue, I get a monthly bill for $330 with none of the promised discounts. In addition, he said I would receive $880 in trade-in phone credits but in reality I received $570. Also, on my bill today he applied phone insurance to my account and the option for yearly upgrades.  Which I did not ask for or approve.  It appears Mr. S*** was stacking options to help with his commissions as adding this makes no sense since he said previously the insurance wasn't needed with AARP.  As I stated, he said AARP would cover the four claims a year, but now I found today it doesn't.I was misled on numerous fronts.  I spent over four hours the Saturday after Thanksgiving on different phone calls between wireless reps, wireless managers, wireless retention reps, internet customer service and an internet customer service manager.Being so frustrated with all the blatant misrepresentations, I tried to get my original phones back and cancel AT&T.  Now I am told from AT&T phone representatives it is impossible to receive my phones back.  So, if I cancel with AT&T I have no phones to trade in elsewhere.  Obviously, this ordeal is costing me a significant amount of time and money.  Mr. S*** claims are a clear violation of customer service ethics.  I have been materially financially penalized due to Mr. S*** blatant misrepresentations of the truth.I hope to find a viable solution to the egregious behavior of an AT&T employee which led to me switching from Verizon to AT&T.  Between the loss of my mobile phones and owing $1600 for the outstanding balance to my phones and the all the time trying to rectify this situation,  I respectfully request AT&T to bundle the internet and cellular account with the 20% discount that was originally promised to me.  In addition a $2000 credit to be applied to the account for the increase in plan costs and insurance for phones from what was promised to me.  If this can be accomplished, I would commit to stay with AT&T, not post the detrimental communications sent to me by a representative of the Company and not pursue other means which would certainly be more costly to the company.Please see the attached commitments in the screen shots from Mr. S***.I appreciate your time looking into this matter and look forward to your response."
"They lie. If they are speaking, they are lying. All 4 phones 'died' at the same time, a couple of months before being paid off. I took mine to 2 separate stores and they said they couldn't help. One said, ""I can sell you a new one."" ummmm...no"
"Horrible company. If you accidentally call internationally (other than US, Canada, Mexico), it is $3/min! No one will tell you this, until you have accumulated hundreds of dollars of charges. So, you need to add ""international call blocking"" to your cell account. But that will not stop you from being charged ""international data roaming""! You have to block that too! It is so confusing, when you call, even their own reps don't know about all these. How are you, ATT, expect an average customer to know? I guess that's how they charge hundred of dollars from their customers. Completely unethical practice!!!If you think you are well protected from adding the above two block, you are wrong! You have to call them to add ""international text blocking"", otherwise you will still be charged! My gosh, how crazy it that? The greed and dishonesty of this company is beyond description!Finally, if you log into your ATT account, you can add ""add on"" to your account. But the above are not shown, so you cannot add them on yourself. Worse yet, you don't even know they exist. You are welcome now that you know."
I have been with AT&T for cell service for 2 years and I was told that if I upgraded my 5 phones I would get $700 as a trade in value but after we sent them in we only got $165.  Now my Sales Executive Customer Success Mobility person and his boss are not responding to me.  I have also asked about other charges on my bill and again no response.  I would never recommend using AT&T and will be switching from AT&T as soon as possible unless somebody at AT&T makes this situation right.
"I experience daily network outages, minimum once a day, sometimes more. Each of those outages lasts around 3 minutes. I contacted their technical support multiple times, but it's a waste of time. They do network status checks, which I can do myself via the app. They check network health, which I can do myself too. They say that they do not see any issue. Well, they will not see it, as the issue is intermittent. They also tell me to contact them when the issue occurs, not understanding that:1) When I lose network connection, I do not have the internet so cannot chat with them. I have no mobile data in the place I live.2) Issues are intermittent and for ~3 min - it takes longer for their chat-bot to figure out what to do with a case.Vodafone service is unreliable and their help or ""expert service"" recommendation seems like a token gesture. Their support say ""We do not see the issue now, we cannot report it"" - such an insightful observation, totally unhelpful though."
"Needed new phone.Called store in Touchwood Solihull.Confirmed handset was in stock.Attended store same day.Handset not in stock.Charged £6.99 for delivery as alternative.Store staff not prepared to waive delivery fee under circumstances (!)Store staff assured me they would handle transition of tel number from old provider to Vodafone.Phone was delivered. Sim card missing.Contacted Vodafone multiple times [on hold for excessive periods] trying to arrange sim card.Was told I could get an e-sim by one operator, but told otherwise by another. Was told Sim was in the post.Was advised there had also been a glitch and that the transfer of my number to Vodafone was held up and delayed [a ""porting order"" delay].In this time, my former provider issued me with emails notifying I was being cut off at my request on the same day.Called former provider and they informed me that Vodafone had instructed the cut off.Meanwhile, still no Sim.So - unable to take or make calls for around 48 hrs over festive period.Using wife's phone to contact Vodafone, I insisted that I needed a Sim. They said it was in the post.They assured me a call back same day from supervisor. This did not happen.Had to instruct wife not to leave house [or to leave phone behind] so that I could use her phone to receive / make calls [including to and from Vodafone].Sim arrived. Did not work.Also materialised that phone pin was missing from box.On phone with Vodafone, they walked me through how to set up / activate sim - and despite them being on the phone as I did this, it did not work. That call alone was 50 mins.Vodafone representatives admitted that they had attempted to call me, on the number they'd asked my former provider to cut off.No meaningful empathy from the staff or business in terms of resolution."
Not happy. I got a call of vodafone to set up a new contract has my old contract with them was coming to a end. So I did but on sim only and a free cheap handset . They said they would also pay the remaining balance of my old contract. They lied to me they don't pay off your remaining balance. Don't believe them if they tell you thisJanice mcdonnell
"They baited and switched me by assigning me to a plan I didn’t agree to.  Then, they don’t send out the first bill for more than 3 weeks.  This accomplishes an important task for them.  Every customer has 14 days to cancel their service.  I didn’t know what I was actually being billed for until 23 days into my service.  At that point, they would not acknowledge their mistake, or adjust any charges.  I cancelled my plan, but was still on the hook for the second month because they bill for 2 months in advance.  Even though I’m no longer a customer, I still owe them for month #2 because that’s what I “agreed to”.  Yes, I did agree, but to a completely different plan!  Run away as fast as you can.  They are liars and thieves."
"AT&amp;T ARE ONLY IN THE BUSINESS OF MAKING MONEY! I’VE BEEN A CUSTOMER SINCE 2017 AND I’VE GIVEN THEM OVER 7,000 DOLLARS ON PHONES AND REPLACEMENTS BECAUSE MY KIDS BREAK THEIR PHONES. I HAVE A MY PHONE NOW FOR 2 YEARS NEVER DID A CLAIM, NOW THE PHONE IS MALFUNCTIONING THE PHONE COST 1200 DOLLARS AND I BOUGHT IT BRAND NEW. THEY WANT ME TO PAY THEM 250 FOR A REFURBISHED PHONE. I ASKED IS ANYBODY GOING TO SEE IF THEY CAN FIX IT, BECAUSE I DON’T WANT A USED PHONE FOR MY NEW PHONE. THEY TOLD ME THEY DON’T FIX PHONES THEY JUST CHARGE YOU FORVA NEW ONE OR YOU CAN UPGRADE YOUR PHONE AND START A NEW PLAN. I DON’T WANT A NEW PHONE OR A NEW PLAN I WANT A TECH TO FIX MY PHONE WITH YA’LL TRIFLING MONEY HUNGRY COMPANY! I’M GOING TO PAY MY 200 DOLLARS LEFT ON MY PHONE AND I AM LEAVING THIS TERRIBLE WIRELESS COMPANY AND WILL NEVER LOOK BACK! I DO NOT RECOMMEND AT&amp;T AT ALL UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY TO WASTE!"
"Staff told us in person, we would not have any extra charges for our cruise trip to Bahamans, Jamaica, Haiti, with our Unlimited plan.  However, when we got a couple hundred $$$ bill they would not issue a credit to cover their employee's miss information. After speaking with C.S. and the manager James Soriano they opted to not honor their employee's word.This is rough as we are forced to use this company due to coverage for home use.  Its also painful to hear the staff and management ask us to call other people to fix this issue and all we got was another person passing the blame with no good results.Furthermore, each time I've walked in, staff was too busy to acknowledge me even if I was the only one in the store. Yesterday I had to watch Neisha walk around for 10 mins before she helped me and I felt like it was a problem that I was there.The issue here is their word is not been good with us now on 2 different occasions.It's not about the money here. Its about the lies and wasting other peoples time. Belmont NC store"
Went into the Blackburn Vodaphone shop in the Mall  was put off straight away not one employee made eye contact or welcomed you into store very rude. There was no clear area people were queuing when I asked for help I was looked at like an alien zero customer service. I had been told to go into the store by Vodaphone online to collect sim cards for two contracts which we had not received in the official order. The whole thing was a shambles and the way in which we where dealt with was rude and unhelpful. Due to this we have now cancelled both contracts and would not use Vodaphone again. Good luck to any using this store unless they get further training in how to deal with customers & make customers feel welcome your best ging else where. There was a elderly gentleman in their on his own I felt sorry for him I could see he wasn't getting anywhere and they didn't want to go the extra mile to help him. The staff member looked as confused as he did I it was like no one knew what they were doing. I was told I would have to call Vodaphone to order the sims to be posted to our home address yet I was in the Blackburn Vodaphone shop. They told me its separate!! Mind blowing.
Internet only works in my area from 11pm to 6am. I have the $75 a month max plan. Customer service hangs up on me and all of a sudden “can’t hear you.”
"I should’ve stayed with spectrum, the service is no different-It’s unreliable no matter where I go, at least Spectrum has great customer service. Verizon is the best with service but they love adding random/incorrect fees & withholding information about actual cost-you can never trust them. Well, at least AT&T is consistent about their poor performance."
"I broke my old phone and needed a new one before moving abroad to Spain for a year. AT&T told me and it was IMPOSSIBLE to buy a phone ANYWHERE with the carrier unlocked. A flat out LIE, you can buy one at the apple store easily. Now, not only will they refuse to unlock my new phone for me so I can get a Spanish phone number, they have avoided my calls, AND lied to me several times saying that they did unlock it when they actually didn’t. Additionally, I have continually received people on the phone that have no idea what they are talking about and it is clear that in many cases, I know more about this issue than them. Not only is the international plan that I am currently relying on costing me $10/day, but my safety is at risk here due to a lack of ability to communicate with the directors of my study abroad program and my host family."
"Not reliable at all, I don't have service atlist 4 days in a month and internet as well, sometimes they need more than a week to fix it. Poor customer service. I can't even receive calls from my child 😕"
"My wife had a Galaxy Fold 4 with a malfunctioning screen. The phone has never been damaged, but despite this, they refused a warranty exchange saying she was responsible. The screen going wonky is a known problem but they law it on the consumer saying they damaged it. Stay away from T-Mobile . . . don't walk away, RUN. I will never do business with T-Mobile ever again."
Be careful when buying an new sim only deal off Uswitch from Vodafone all ready an customer with Vodafone they said I couldn’t keep my existing number which I’ve had for years Vodafone to Vodafone no can do o2 to Vodafone ok and so on very unsatisfied 😡😡
"I signed up for a deal that they take automatically from my checking account. Not the credit card but checking account. That should have been the red flag for me. But I went ahead with this. The deal was that I pay for their service and for the phone. At the end of 24 months period the phone was supposed to be unlocked and mine. The service was bad, the technical support was unhelpful, their customer service rude and useless. Of course, no surprise that I wanted to leave at the end of this 24 month period. It was a full time job to get my account number and a transfer code from them Finally I got that and move on to another carrier. But they locked my phone and it's been several days I am trying them to get it unlock and they blame Samsung, Florida, heat anything in the world but not unlocking the phone . They have no legal right to keep it but they know that take them to court is a hassle so they steal. This company has nothing to offer. They are just thieves!"
The customer service at AT&T leaves a lot of these desired. I called the customer service number and asked for a call Back. They said it would take between nine and 17 minutes and now I’m at Three hours. This is truly lousy service. I think I will switch my My wireless carrier😡
611 customer care has a glitch in it where it wont complete transaction. Then it will put you on hold for an hour!!!
"Well ATT raised my monthly payment to 106 up 12 dollars with no reason, no added benefits. called att about this which of course i had to speak to someone who could not speak actual english, he tells me my bill after linking 2 family members would be 133.42 plus tax.get an email my bill is 455.72after cslling again they say that is not applying credits so the bill would be 199.45. i asked about the 133.42 i was told before, they put me in hold and after 15 to 20 minutes say they got it to 133.42.get another email saying the bill is 255.72.called again speaking to another person who can't speak englishthey screw it up again.avoid this place at all cost!!!!"
I was a customer for 3yrs with Crooked T-Mobile. Giving up my account for their convenience did me no good. Still”they took their payment April 4th. By the 5th my service was terminated. It was hell from that date on. The whole month they’re sending Tickets to locate the payment. By the end of the month I was drained. Moving on to another carrier was my only option. But”not with slimy T-mobile one can’t move on. They blocked my iPhone as if I owed them money I had prepaid pay as I go. And”it is now 12/23/24 those Crooks never reimburse me my $67.08. I’m on fixed income I’m not rich”I went out a bought Tshirts that reads. I was Robbed by T-Mobile. Join the movement these big companies are to powerful with our money.
I have been with sprint / t mobile for 17 years never ever had a problem with sprint but tmobile I was late on my bill one time in 17 years and they want to charge 160 for a reconnect fee on top of my 190 bill I am beyond mad I might go to Verizon
"I was trying to upgrade my phone for this S24 Ultra.  In the biggening there was a promotion trade in the phone for $1000 with a plan upgrade. or keep the plan for $500.  I was told they will honor the $500 but they will get back to me.  I had to call them back 4x since they never reach out to me.   Apparently, the promotion is over and I got screw.  I was  extremely upset with T-Mobile.  This is the second issue I had with T-Mobile, their system was compromised and my Identity was stolen.  It's been a nightmare with this phone carrier."
"On August 28th I went to the store in Gastonia on Cox road to find out if the phone I needed was available. As it was not, I went to the store on Myrtle School road in Gastonia. The representative, Jordan, was with other clients. I was not greeted. While still working with another client, Jordan asked me how she could help. I explained that I was looking specifically for Samsung s24 ultra with 512 GB of memory and came to her as it was unavailable at Cox road store. She informed me that she had two phones available at that location. I chose the color of the phone. She proceeded with the trade-in. As she was still working with both me and another person, I had to do all the installation on my new phone without her help. She did not go over any policies, protection plan options which she just added without asking me. When I got home and started setting up my phone I found out that she sold me a Samsung Galaxy s24 ultra with 256 GB. The next day I went back to the store. She said that she would not be able to replace the phone. She was not able to make a return either. I spent 3 and 1/2 hours at the store with her trying to help both me and another client at the same time again. I ended up leaving the store because she was not able to solve my issue and she sent me away. I had to go to the corporate store on Cox road where all my problems were solved by another representative without any issues. However I did have to still pay the restocking fee which I find unfair. On top of everything, Jordan was smelling strongly of marijuana, she was dressed yesterday in a mini skirt and today in jeans with multiple holes in them, something weird on her head, and looked completely unrepresentable and unprofessional. at one point I had to sit down because the smell of marijuana was that strong."
"This company is HORRIBLE. Practically STOLE money from me and my family.  I was using t-mobile for over 10 years and was a loyal customer. Never missed 1 payment. However, they would do some sketchy things with my bill that had Me question the company’s credibility over the last few years I was with them.Initially, I wouldn’t check my bill statements and this was a mistake because T-Mobile would charge me for things that I never used or purchased. When I would call customer service, they would lie and say I did purchase (a plan, an equipment etc), but I know that I never had purchased anything additional.   When I would ask them to remove those things, they would confirm over the phone verbally that they would be removed from my plan- months would go by, they would remove it initially and then it will be added on again.  I was the sole authorized user on my account and so no one else had access to make any changes to my plans.After a few years of dealing with this, and having to stay with T-Mobile because I was under a phone contract for two years, I finally decided to leave. However, when I left, guess what happened?They charged me for an additional month, AFTER, I left because I had left my card on file before closing my account. When I transferred my number to another company T-Mobile automatically removed my access to all of my files, to my online account - everything, so I could not remove any of my personal information since they took my account away!  So, I tried disputing the charge and they gave me an excuse that they had to charge me because I never paid the first month of service… what?  Whatever, I couldn’t get my money back….. But then, two months later, they sent me another bill saying I owed an equipment I never returned from back in 2016. I was STUNNED!  I never purchased the equipment they said I had purchased in-store, I also never saw this “charge” on ANY of my bills throughout my time with the company.I was so certain I was done with T-Mobile and then they send me to collections ??I had done EVERYTHING to avoid this prior to leaving. I went to the store, closed my account, received verbal and physical confirmation that everything was paid for and I received the last three month invoices to confirm it. Yet they still found a way to send me to collections for something I have no record or recollection of?  How the hell do they get away with this fraudulent behavior?  I’m not the only person I know that they have done this with. I am so upset!  I will never use T-Mobile again!! I will never recommend them to anyone.   They’re over priced, and they are fraudulent!! Once you’re ready to leave them, that’s when they want to make things even worse for you financially.Don’t ever use T-Mobile!! Mint Mobile has been amazing for me.  I live in NYC and it works JUST like, if not better than T-Mobile service. I pay 35$ a month and I have no unexpected fees.Now time for me to fight with collections over this T-Mobile bill …. Wish me luck.(Written by Rafael B.)"
"One of the worst broadbands I ever used, promised speed was 60mbps the actual speed is between 500kbps to 3mbps, been with this broadband for over a year now and every single day I have problems with it crashing and it wouldn’t turn back on for a good hour, I do not recommend it."
"1) my phone was disabled twice months apart. The other day my phone was disabled for 5 hours, the day before I could make calls. Yesterday I found out my second phone they set up 11 months ago could not receive calls, they fixed it today. But they would not credit my account for the non working phone. I went to two different AT&T stores, the first one said they were a satellite store, so they sent me across town to a “main store” and they said they couldn’t do anything either. I pay $140.00 for two phones, now with my new different wireless provider I pay $130.00 for 4 phones. Thank you AT&T! And my internet cost went down also!I would like to thank the awful service techs, and support staff for saving me money. Without your attention to do nothing, I would have never changed my phone, my internet, and my family’s phone and internet!"
"I was a loyal Vodafone customer for two years, even though the signal occasionally dropped during Microsoft Teams meetings at work. I decided to upgrade to a 500MB plan because of an offer, but the signal worsened, dropping out even more during work hours. Frustrated, I cancelled within the 14-day cooling-off period.When I spoke to an advisor, I was told my contract would revert to my original one, set to end on December 12th. However, upon calling Vodafone to cancel as I’m joining EE, I discovered I allegedly owe £225 because, during the downgrade, Vodafone placed me on a new 2-year contract without informing me.I waited 30 minutes to speak to customer service today, requesting they review the recorded phone call where I downgraded. The advisor clearly made a mistake, and now I’m being falsely accused of taking out a new contract and trying to avoid paying for it.Vodafone, your service has been poor. I’ve included my order number so you can review my account notes and see how many times I’ve contacted you about issues. It’s unacceptable to place me in a new contract without explaining terms and conditions. This is a blatant error and breach of consumer law. Please resolve this immediately."
I am very unhappy my bill was under 280$ for years and recently went up 100$ for no reason and no one has helped me ..
Another day without service..I'm done.. switching to Verizon
I have been a customer of Tmobile since they took over Sprint and about 10 years with Sprint.  My bill went up $20 and they told me it was because I paid my phones off.  So had I kept paying for phones it would have been less expensive. I was then told they would give me a credit for being a loyal customer for so many years and I asked if that was permanent.  They told me they would check.  I called today and the lady I spoke with was rude and condescending and said you arent going to get credit for something you arent paying for.  I told her cancel my service and hung up.  She called back and I said I have nothing left to say to you she said i cant cancel your service if you hang up.  I said well you were extremely rude have someone else call me because I dont want to talk to you. no one has called back yet.
There was a 30 day trial period for switching to t-mobile.  If you switched from another carrier to t-mobile and switched back within 30 days they would reimburse you 150.00.  We tied tmobile and were unsatisfied with their coverage and service.  we switched back to verizon witinin the 30 days of starting tmobile and called tmoble customer service and started a claim for the 150.00.  The customer service rep stated that we were within the 30 days and expect a check mailed to address.  If we did not get the check wining 30 days call back.  Today 10/10 i called customer service at tmobile and stated never received money they said that the claim was denied because i did not re-claim my 150 with in 30 days of initial claim.
Only one word to describe Vodafone. Awful awful awful.  Customer service is non existent - go elsewhere - I have never come across such rude vile unprofessional call handlers and the amount of mistakes made on my account is shocking.  GO ELSEWHERE
My family has had T-mobile for six years and the past couple of months have really made me regret choosing them as my cell phone provider. My son’s phone was not letting him make or receive calls or text with the data service only with Wi-Fi. My husband has been to a T-mobile store and has talked to several T-mobile representatives on the phone to rectify this issue. Long story short… the phone is still not fixed but we still get a full bill every month for four phones and can only use three. If that’s not stealing I don’t know what is. Your job is to provide customers with service and satisfaction we have received neither for two months. As a parent it is vital for me to be able to contact and communicate with my child through our cell phones. This company has stressed my entire family out behind this one issue that an entire company can’t seem to resolve. I will wholeheartedly be in the market for a new and more trustworthy cell phone carrier immediately.
"I'm only giving a 1 star because that's as low as I can go. I am totally frustrated with the rates, bill, service and customer service with AT&T. I am exhausted with calling them every month because of billing.  They charge you ten dollars if you dont sign up for paperless billing and AutoPay.  What a rip off! Not to mention all the blackouts they have. Maybe this is a sign to read books, because internet alone almost $100 a month & that's CRAZY WORK! No perks for your loyal customers,  all the so called ""deals"" are for new customers only! Do better AT&T & Execitives. I am livid with this trashy service & sky high pricing."
II have rarely endured such inefficiency from a company. They have sent not one but two iPhones to me in error. Vodaphone have stolen £31.99from my account-no permission was given by me. I have had approximately 15 phone calls from vodaphone in the past 2 days. They have now told me my card has been cancelled AND THEY WANT TO KNOW HOW MUCH MONEY IS IN MY BANK ACCOUNT BEFORE MY MONEY IS REFUNDED
"I switched from Verizon to T-mobile, they offered a $200 gift card for the mobile phone switch and a $50 card for going with their home internet. A year later still don't have either. Provided them the rebate codes THEY provided me, said the $200 card will ship soon, a month later, nothing. The home internet works well, the phone coverage and service isn't as good as Verizon. Customer service is the same."
A representative told me to oay $150 and my services turned only to be told that I needed an extra $230. It's so low to lie to a customer to get them off the phone.
"I am absolutely appalled by the service I received from AT&T, specifically from a representative named Vanardo. My family and I have been loyal customers for over 20 years, with six premium phone lines, and we expected better than this blatant deception.During our call, Vanardo assured us that we were eligible for completely free upgrades on all our phones. He explicitly stated that our monthly bill included a fee for ""Anytime Upgrades"" and that we had accrued extra credit, making our trades entirely free. Fast forward to now, and I’m trying to ship back our old phones only to discover that there is no shipping label as promised.When I logged into our AT&T account, I was shocked to find that we are being charged full price for the new phones—$38 a month for each of the six phones over 36 months! This is nothing short of a scam. Vanardo's statements were clear, and I demand that AT&T review the recorded call, where all of this misinformation is documented.I spoke with a supervisor (MYLENE) who offered no real help. She claimed she couldn’t access the call transcript but assured me that once they do, the evidence of Vanardo’s promises will be undeniable. It’s infuriating to know that the company I’ve trusted for two decades is engaging in such deceptive practices.AT&T needs to take responsibility for this situation. I expect a full review of this case, a reversal of these charges, and a proper resolution. This is unacceptable, and I will not stand for being misled by your representatives. If AT&T does not take liability for this situation, I will be forced to take my business elsewhere after 20 years."
TMobile Customer Service Stinks.  I was on hold over hour and a half which is totally unacceptable.  I am going to consider changing my service because customer service is as much important.  They treat you as though once your a customer its ok to slack in other areas but so not the case.
"TMobile Home internet service is simply Horrific.  The last time I experienced internet this awful was when internet first became a thing.  The Buffering, Freezing and weak to no signal when it rains MEANS JUST GIVE UP.  There is no savings when you are paying for frustration.  No matter how many times I contacted TMobile to complain about these issues, none of their fixes, or suggestions were a remedy.  I ended up tolerating this bad service for six months, at which point I could adequately afford to change providers.  The worst part is; I cancelled my service on 9/02/24 and was told I would still be billed for the whole month of September because my bill closing date was 25 days away.  Then I was told that I would also be responsible for a final bill in October.  TMobile should have been paying me for all the times I called for support, because the service was randomly available .and at a level where it was useful to all members of the family"
Hidden Fees for watch reactivations. And when you cancel they don't tell you they'll send you a final bill that doesn't come till a month later and they tack on more fees. I was forced to pay my bill late. Terrible service and hard to cancel.11558051198
Those scammers told me that they owe me money but instead they charged me 150 even though it was supposed to be 80. If AT&T is watching this get ready to shut down this crapcompany I will be sure you will get no money forever but start owing the people more than billions
"These guys are robbers, please be careful before signing a contract with them"
"AT&T is the worst cellphone company I have ever been with. A sales person came to my house unsolicited, lied to my husband and I about our phone bill being lower if we switched over to them, said we would get $200 gift cards each for my husband and I, we caved in and traded in our phones and the sales rep lost or just simply didn’t ship my husbands phone so now they are saying they don’t know where it’s at and can’t give us the credits for it even though they lost it! My bill has not been low at all and I’m paying more than I was with my previous phone company and it’s been 7 months and my credits still have not been applied and no one in customer service will do anything about it, will be switching back over to my previous cellphone company ASAP!"
"I can't understand why this company made it so big. Incompetent workers, customer service, high prices, worst company I'm switching after 12 years with them."
Was with Vodafone for 20+ years offered me trade in for my old fone then decided my old fone was broke and wouldnt pay up. Have just left Vodafone after contract ended and back to using fone allegedly broke(not). Would never go back so take no notice of theirtrade in offers.
I signed up for AT&T fiber and made an appointment took the day off to be here!! No show !! Rescheduled for another day took day off from work and what another  NO SHOW!! At this point I would pay more for internet service from someone else than give this Criminal Organization another chance !! If I could give them less than 1 ⭐️ I would definitely give them 0 ⭐️..I see why their workers are on strike they don’t want to work for them  either !!!! Hope they stay on strike !!
"HORRIBLE. Yeah they CAN have great service, only if they let you. Which isnt all that likely"
"I was fortunate to receive a free Vodafone SIM card for six months due to my financial situation. After that period, I signed up to continue with the same pay-as-you-go SIM for £10 a month. When I was able to upgrade, a cold caller informed me that I was eligible for a contract SIM, and I accepted the offer.Two weeks later, I received a text saying I qualified for a contract SIM that was now £20 cheaper. I was excited and decided to proceed with it. The representative assured me she would cancel my previous contract for the new one.However, I now find myself paying for two SIM cards because I have two contracts that, unfortunately, cannot be terminated until 2026 when both contracts expire.Happy New Year to you too!"
"Pathetic useless company can't register my SIM card. Constantly getting prompts saying number not valid etc. yet my phone says Vodafone, and they take money from my balance after buying a bundle. No bundle added to my account. Called customer services they hung up on me after being on hold 20 minutes.can't find account number doesn't exist despite porting in from another network. I should never switched to this network. I've now escalated this to a complaint, next it's ofcom."
"How bad can customer service be before you have to believe they are doing this on purpose? ATT's customer service is so bad that it is not just my desire to never use their product again but I also want to get 10 other people not to use their product. This is the same way I felt about Sears and Kmart before they took their plunge to nothing. I have spent 25 days now trying to get 10 phones ""unlocked"", I got 8 done but the last two have been held for any reason they can think of! It has taken so long that one of the reasons is that we nit another billing cycle and the two phones that have not been released now have a higher monthly service fee and they still won't release. I shut the service off so that they did not get rewarded for delaying, but that has not helped. ATT sucks."
"Recently joined Vodafone UK and opted for the 300 international minutes add on for my landline.Two things I have experienced1. Terminates calls after 30 minutes2. not able to get a balance either from my web account or app.The only way is to spend up to 25 minutes on the phone or the same time on their chat service.I've even been to the local Vodafone shop and even they cannot help.So why is it so difficult for Vodafone to provide this information as I don't want to exceed my monthly allowance and incur premium charges.My previous provider gave this information via their app in real time.------------------------------------If you require any assistance, pop us over a message via Facebook: or Instagram:Thanks, Vodafone Social Media Team----------------------------------------Typical Social Media Team response -  not everyone uses Facebook or Instagram -  so why can you not respond to the questions above so others can see the reply. Dreadful service!"
Tmobile is absolute garbage. Overcharged the shtt out of us. Then promised to correct the bill over a month ago. Never corrected it. I've contacted customer service dozens of times and had repeated promises that it would be corrected. Last night they said not to worry and our service would not be interupted since I have said I am not paying the bill until it is correct. This morning our service was disconnected and even more additional fees added for the service disconnect. They asked me to pay the full amount to restore service now. This has been the worst service I've dealt with from any cell service. Complete bullshtt.
"I have had t mobile for over 2 years now because I was stuck in a plan with my sister. Over the last year I've realized how terrible they're service really is. I can't even make calls at my own house without the WIFI. On top of that, every time I try to contact customer service It's super sketchy and I never actually get solutions. I am quitting today because I haven't had service for over a week and I've talked to three different people about the situation all gave me the same resolution. It would work for about an hour and then my service would be blocked again. I have never been as upset at any company as much as I am with T Mobile. All they do is take your money and cause issues. You would have better luck buying minutes than with this company. Absolutely horrible."
I will give 0 star but not able to. Two times Atnt has increased my bill without my knowledge adding additional charge which is 120$ more. When I called customer care they are not able to answer and check history as I called them few times previously. Worse service ever and no proper mobile app as well. I had 6 lines in my account.
