"Worst. Company. On. This. PLANET!!!!!If you're thinking of switching providers, or looking for a service, DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT go with ATT. They are completely incompetent and continue to mess things up. Yall should be out of business."
"As a long-standing T-Mobile customer subscribed to the Magenta® Amplified plan with three voice lines, my experience with the company has been consistently positive without any notable issues. However, on January 15, 2024, we initiated contact with T-Mobile to help us navigate plans and get the best deal possible at that time.  To stay on the current plan and purchase all new phones and increase our monthly bill from $ 157 to $270 or switch to a more expensive plan and get promotions. We opted to switch to the Go5G Next plan, which involved trading in three devices: upgrading from an iPhone 12 to an iPhone 15 Pro and obtaining one complimentary iPhone 15 due to adding a line. During this process, 2 different T-Mobile representatives assured us that, after factoring in all eligible discounts, including a teacher discount, our monthly bill would total $230. The process included 3 steps including changing the plan which is only possible by phone service. We trusted representatives to do it correctly, but unfortunately, it was not the case. The wrong code was applied to one of the lines, the other code was expired and had no value.Despite receiving three new iPhone 15 Pros and one iPhone 15 on January 17, our account still reflected details from the previous Magenta plan. It was only last week that T-Mobile finally updated our account to the Go5G Next plan, resulting in a monthly bill exceeding $349. It feels that we are trapped because according to the agreement we only have 20 days to make changes, but our account information was not updated till it was too late. Until that time (February 6) we were sure that our bill would be $230, not $349 like it is stated now.Upon noticing this discrepancy, I promptly contacted T-Mobile to seek a resolution. Despite investing significant time on the phone with various representatives, the issue with our bill persisted unresolved. I hate to be trapped: phones we used for trade-in cannot be returned to us, and codes for the trade-in are incorrect. The customer service department wasted hours on “investigation’ to come up with “Unfortunately we cannot fix the problem as all those deals are expired now."
Vodafone have still not supplied the phone I've paid for after one month waiting.The store manager did not inform me of any delay.Vodafone have lied to me repeatedly.The will not or can not supply the phone I've paid for.Is this fraud?What a massive mistake going to Vodafone
Thank you so much to all of you who took the time to share your negative experiences with us I appreciate it.  Because of the reviews and not one response from TMobile I have decided to go with another carrier.  So many reasons why I couldn't trust them ever I would say.  Happy Holidays.  Best.
"Our old phone carrier shut down so we were forced to change carriers. I went to a T-Mobile store in Maize, KS and Maria, the lady that helped me, told me we would definitely have 5G coverage where we live. I questioned her about that several times during our interaction because my husband and I live very rural and when I looked at the coverage map before heading into the store, coverage looked spotty. She kept telling me we would FOR SURE have 5G coverage. I didn't purchase a new phone until I knew it would work at our house. After a couple weeks, I decided to purchase a new device with them because we at least had 4G coverage. Then, shortly after the 14 day return period expired, our service is almost nonexistent. I called customer service and the guy I spoke to informed me that he would have never sold us a plan and phones because his map showed almost no coverage where we live. He told me that we basically get ""left over"" signals from a tower that is very far away from us and the reason we don't have service now is because they were having problems with said tower. I asked when the tower was going to be up and he said he didn't know. Now, we don't get service, thank goodness we have wifi or my new expensive phone (that they won't let me pay off early or return) would be a paper weight. The only way out from under them now is to pay off mine and my husband's devices at full retail pricing, not just the sale pricing. My husband's phone hasn't even left the box, but we can't return it. I asked the customer service guy if there's anything we can do since we don't have service and he said, ""No, nothing."" So basically we have to pay ridiculous prices to them but our phones only work on wifi, that we also have to pay for. I'm extremely disappointed with T-Mobile. We'll be switching to Verizon as soon as we're able to."
"I'm 70 years old and never have I had a company promise (voice and written) to refund money for a mistake they made, and then take it back!  When I first approached this with T-mobile, they wanted to add the overcharged amount to my account.  However, I wanted them to credit the amount to my credit card instead. After one month discussing this with four different representatives (and hours wasting my time waiting on the phone), I spoke to a manager.  She apologized for the inconvenience and trouble I had experienced with this issue.  She said she would not only refund the money to my credit card but would add another $16 and, in addition, I would not have to pay the next month's bill for $16. She also said she would send a confirmation email, and follow-up with me in one week with a phone call. Sounds good, right?  Well, she did email me the refund confirmation and they did cancel the next month's bill.  However, she never followed up with the phone call, and after a month, the refund still had not appeared on my credit card.  When I called to inquire about this, I was told the company decided to revoke the refund.  A multibillion dollar company revokes a $27.24 promised refund.  How's that for great customer service?!  I'll be quitting T-mobile and would not recommend them to anyone thinking of obtaining their service.  Their word means nothing.  Greedy with no ethical guidelines."
"At&T let me down been with them40yrs.Im done someone that work there got a phone in my name Im done hurt let down, This to shall pass!!"
"I went on-line on Saturday 14th December 24 to request the deal for the Apple iPhone 13 128 GB which was due to end at midnight on the 19th December. The girl I dealt with appeared very efficient and processed my order sending through my contract to my email address which I needed to sign within 72 hrs. When I went to sign the contract the following day that was when my nightmare started! My husband noticed they had put the wrong address on the contract and my sort code was also incorrect. When I made contact with the team the following day they said they could amend the incorrect details but when I requested the new contract they said they couldn't amend the contract as they would need to cancel the order and start again. I was not happy to sign a contract on-line which was incorrect and after a long time trying to explain this said they would have to cancel the contract and start again. I was advised to ring back the following day giving it time to cancel on the system. When I rang on the 17th December 2024 I initially spoke with someone who insisted I would have to accept the old contract which hadn't been cancelled to get the deal despite me explaining that it had the wrong address and sort code. This gentleman put the phone down on me. With trepidation I phoned Vodafone back again on the 17th December once I went into my local Bishops Stortford store for some moral support at 3.20pm. I spoke to a gentleman on-line a Vodafone Customer Service called Stephan who was extremely rude and talked over me and after nearly two hours we were no further on with the process with him insisting the old contract was still online. The staff in store were extremely kind and supportive to me particularly Ben and his trainee, Ali, but unfortunately they could do nothing as the contract was still open on-line. Stephan advised to ring at 8am on the 18th December and he would cancel my original order. When I rang again today at 8am I spoke to Corrie who was polite and helpful but when he re-did the order again unfortunately when he got to the end of the process, it still wouldn't go through despite saying my order had been cancelled at 02.20am on the 18th. I was advised to ring again on the 19th which was the following day, noting that this deal ended at midnight on the 19th.I took the risk of ringing again today at 5.20pm and spoke to a very pleasant, empathetic young girl called Imaan, who was based in Lancaster. She reassured me that she would do her best to solve my problem and asked relevant questions which give me hope. At two different stages she checked with someone senior that the correct process was being followed and double checked my details with me to ensure everything was correct. She apologised for the distress I had encountered over the last four days with Vodafone and was genuinely caring towards me. Imaan managed to successfully process my order for the Apple iPhone and hopefully it will be delivered tomorrow. Her service was faultless. However the last four days has been an extremely distressing and stressful experience with the online service with Vodafone with each phone call at times taking up nearly two hours of my time. I praise Ben and Ali in the Bishops Stortford store and Lovely Imaan today but as for the other staff unfortunately I rate the overall service as poor.Where do we go from here, I would expect more than a written online apology for the time and stress this has caused me. I am sure Vodafone can do their homework and work out by the details I have provided who this service user is!!!!!"
TMobile is childish and unprofessional I had to call several times because reps would sit in the phone and laugh not just that T-Mobile is the reason my Info is on the dark web I don't recommend doing business with this company they're bs
After being with EE for 15 years decided to move to Vodafone for better coverage ... should be a simple transaction you'd think .... no!  The opposite!  Ordered the sim package on the Friday and was told SIM card would be despatched that day and I would receive it Monday. Monday came and no SIM card. Because I kept my old number they had transferred it to them so my service with EE ended which left me with no active phone!  I called and asked where my SIM card was and was told they would send another one which would take another 3 days!  They then said to go into a Vodafone shop!  I explained I worked long shifts at a hospital and shops are closed when I finish work so would have to wait the 3 days!  The original SIM card arrived on Thursday!  Postage mark on envelope showed they hadn't posted it until the Tuesday!!!  So I have been without a phone service for 3 days bearing in mind I need to be contacted from work and I have an elderly parent who needs communication with me. I was told I would get compensation ..... 78 pence!!!!!  Laughable!  Certainly not worth the stress and frustration I went through!  Wished I hadn't of bothered changing providers now!
Don't expect to speak to someone if you have a problem with your phone.  All done by chatbox - 25 minutes to get through to technical help and sort a problem a human could have sorted in 5 minutes
"In 2015 I tried using their services. After a while my online account stopped working. I rang 8 times and chatted online 7 times, for over 7 hours of my time. I was promised several things on the phone (1 month free, 3 months free) which were not in the notes and so never happened. In the end I agreed to pay an early cancellation fee. That didn't happen. Rang again, they found out they should have cancelled last month and then did so, without an early cancellation fee. Then they billed me, but didn't send me a bill. Then referred the account to a credit agency for non payment who emailed me. I then had to call about this bill that should not have been sent, and also chase to make sure my credit was not affected. And no word of any compensation for the amount of time I spent and stress it incurred. I will never use Vodafone again and urge everyone to avoid them."
"I switched from Sky to Vodafone and was told by sky that my activation date would be 16/12/2024 midnight. As Vodafone told Sky this was my activation date, sky cancelled my service. I have no internet and Vodafone are saying it will be activated at midnight on 17/12/2024. I should have stayed with Sky. Poor service."
Diabolical phone signal across Surrey and Sussex. Avoid at all costs!
"Have a Business account with T-Mobile and have had excellent payment history for over a year. Nothing financed on my account. Was trading in me and my partners phone for a $1,000 credit per phone. New phones cost $1,200. They still want a $450 Down payment per phone even though that would make it $500 more then the total purchase and they will “ Pay it back “ over 24 months in bill credits. So I’m giving them a $500 interest free loan that they take 2 Years to pay back? Probably taking my business to another carrier. This is ridiculous and makes no mathematical sense. Think 2ce before switching to t-mobile."
They seemingly lie about stuff and hold the phone hostage when you cancel their service lock the phone even though it's paid off.
I had Verizon for a year and half and I never had any data problems. My phone or hotspot is always slow. I switched to -mobile because they’d pay off my phone as a promotion. It’s $50 cheaper than Verizon but everything is so slow. I regret switching providers. You get what you pay for I guess. Imma get a Ryan Reynolds’s phone!
"Having used AT&T as my US cell phone provider for 9 years now, I feel that I finally have to put fingers to keyboard and highlight how utterly abysmal their customer service is.  They have twice in that time just randomly removed my cell phone number (and the first time they did that, they also stole the $100 of credit that was on the account).  When they do delete your number it then becomes extremely difficult to get through to anyone in customer service and, if (BIG IF) you do manage to get through to someone, they are often unable to help resolve the issue.  I am totally p****d with having to change cell phone number and update all my professional stationary, profiles and contacts because of AT&T's complete disregard for their customers.  The question is, who else to try?  These giant communications companies have a virtual monopoly and they couldn't care less about their customers."
"This is the second part of a review. Without going into long and boring detail, there was an issue with my daughter’s eSIM in Liverpool, with me (the account holder) in Brentwood Essex.  On the first visit Liverpool staff sympathetic but unable to help. On the second visit, involving the very helpful Vodafone staff in Brentwood, the guy in the Liverpool store was appallingly rude to both my daughter and the Brentwood store staff, (witnessed by all of us because it was on a FaceTime call) leaving her in tears and us thinking that the only explanation for his conduct was that he was working his notice.  When eventually the Brentwood staff asked how they could find a solution for this Vodafone customer, his response was to walk away, saying it wasn’t his problem. The zero score in the title is harsh, because the first Liverpool employee was at least polite and sympathetic, but the second fully deserves zero stars.PS.  Are you seriously suggesting (through the links below) that the way to address this is through social media sites? Is that how you do customer service?"
"DO NOT HONFOR THIS NETWORK IS TERRIBLE , ALL THEY WANT TO TAKE IS YOUR MONEY, THEY DO NOT CARE AVOUT THIER CUSTOMERS AT ALL.. NO CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 👎🏾 👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾"
"In November 2021, I traded-in 3 phones (family plan) for a total trade-in value of $2400 ($800 each) at T-mobile. T-mobile promised to return the $2400 in the form of a one time credit and further credits spread over 30 months. However, I have had to call in dozens of time spending close to 50 hours on the phone with them to get the credits. Each time, I'm promised a refund only to see a small partial credit. Each time, I argue with the company to honor the contract, I'm assured a refund of the payments due.After I filed a on the phone  complaint with the FCC, t-mobile now tells me they will honor the trade in credit but start the 30 month cycle 13 months after the original contract date. They are not willing to give in writing Tbey abrogated the contract.Given this is affecting thousands of customers, it is possible T-mobile swindles customers of a couple of billion $ every year.If we get more than 40 customers willing to go to court, we could file a class action lawsuit against T-mobile?"
"Att trade in service is a fraud. They estimated my iphone 13 was $700. But after sent in, and waiting for a 2 billing cycles, they credit me back $210. I am not agree with that and request for my trade in phone back but they stated that I have passed 14 days of return and as and online agent, they don’t have access to resolve. It is a scam. Please dont do trade in option because you will lose your phone value big time. I am a long time customer with att, and I promise to cancel because they are robber, they robbed my phone easily because I trusted them and sent my phone to them."
"I went to get an account with T-Mobile. The guys in the store told me I needed to call customer care. I went to my car to make this call. The guys said it would be quick. The robot at the beginning of the call said 30 minute wait time. It was an entire hour! And then the customer care guy said he needed to talk to the guys in the store. The call dropped just as I walked into the store. They guys in the store just shrugged. I walked out in frustration. A few weeks later, I got a bill for my supposed service. It was only for $5.65, but I feel it just adds insult to injury."
"These maggots dug up my yard as part of a city plan with Arlington Texas. Now, four months later, they are on my doorstep asking me to sign up with them. I have a no soliciting sign posted. They are disgusting!!!!!!"
"So for a week I have had not been able to load up anything on my phone , I finally called and explained , I had a young lady who laughed every time she spoke after 20 minutes I gave up , I was called back a few days later from emmar , I gave my address out yet again and said this wasn’t what they had for me so I gave out my previous address still saying I couldn’t pass security , I gave my date of birth still not enough , was asked for my PIN code said I hadn’t a clue what it was , even asked to guess it ? What was the point of that ? Apart from giving a DNA sample what do y have to do to get an issue sorted . I have been with vodaphone for a good 30 years . What is it coming to ? I have two accounts with you , maybe time for a change ! Never felt so frustrated in my life . Problem was never sorted ! How can you not know if the service is down in certain areas ? I forgot to add I also gave them my email which they were sending messages to me .  How is that not enough personal information???"
"Had to call a mate in Australia this morning (he'd messaged me to tell me that his young son had died suddently) and after a 35 minute call Vodafone presented me with a bill for £108 and locked my phone informing me that I had to pay the out of plan charges immediatelyCalled 191, got put on some silent hold thing. Called back, had no option but to pay £108 over the phone in order to be able to continue to use my phone.My experience -07:19 - Call to Australia started07:53 - Call ended (34 minutes)08:03 - Text message from Vodafone alerting me that I had spent over £1 on international calls08:05 - Text message from Vodafone alerting me that I had spent over £50 on international calls08:31 - Message from Vodafone alerting me that my monthly spend is unusually high08:32 - Message from Vodafone informing me that they have turned off my calls and dataText from Vodafone and that I need to call Vodafone08:40 - accessed account online and tried to resolve with the useless chatbot08:55 - called 191 and was informed I had to pay £108 out of plan charges immediately to be able to use my phoneI have been a vodafone customer for over 20 years across three continents, I do not wish to continue doing business with a company which functions in this way. Sadly my contact has 12 months to run.Very unhappy with Vodafone!!Edited at 13.38 in response to Vodafone reply.Dear Vodafone responder (AI??)If you'd checked your records you would have found that I had paid the off plan charges (£108 for a 35minutes call) before I wrote the main review. I had to, I needed to use my phone.Actions speak volumes and words are cheap. Your response has only made me more determined to end all dealings with Vodafone as soon as my current contract expires."
"Att completely misrepresented there policy. We switched to att and we're given free phones , however they were not free and upon upgrade we had to pay over $100 to pay off our free phone. This was unexpected and a hardship as we live on ss. If I had been informed we would have never switched, now we're screwed for another 18 months. I advise not to do business with att and and avoid there deception."
"I recently signed up for TMobile service because the rep at Walmart lured me in with a deal on the phone.  Never again!  I have tried to deal with customer service, and it is horrible.  Long massive wait times on hold speaking with people from the other side of the world who do not know what they're doing.  This is the first and LAST month of service I use with them.  They need to fix their staffing problems and stop abusing customers with long hold times with incompetent people who do not know how to solve issues."
"I moved away from ATT about 10 years ago, for some reason - my wife stayed with them for 18+ years.And all that loyalty got us what?Misled promises. Period.We were strolling down grocery store and ATT guy lured us into Fiber Optic Internet connection which is supposed to be 'WOW'.I never bought the hype but they promised its cheaper than what we were paying and since my wife has been wireless user - we get additional $20 discount + $300 gift card.What happens next:Gift card never arrived - so I called - and they are like - oh but you did not confirm that you wanted gift card. W.T.F.  Anyway - after 50 mins calls - they release the gift card.And when I asked about $20 credit for using wireless plan at the same address (which was the condition) - they said - it takes few months and the excess we paid will be refunded and the discounted rates will apply.I check in every 3 months  or so and after a total of 9 months - they tell me - kid you not - I have chat transcripts, that plan is no longer available.W.T.F.ATT signs up customers who want to save money luring them into false promises and then after they are stuck with ATT - they tell you ""that plan is no longer available"".I am not surprised by this behavior because this was the reason I moved out of ATT network.  But due to changes in employment and to save few bucks - I 'believed' them again to be misled yet again.ATT wireless service in our area is patchy too...I have had ZERO drop calls in years in this area but with ATT service - that's no problem - we have miles of 'patchy service'.ATT continues its legacy...at least they are consistent in screwing people of their hard earned money.Time to look for another service I guess."
These guys suck absolute ass. Does not matter how many bars you have your service will always be dogshit. Not consistent whatsoever.
"Ordered 3 phones for Christmas to be delivered to a relative to hide. Vodafone a) got address wrong despite being given correct one, b) tried to deliver to previous address when told I had moved and had correct current address, c) delivered only 2 phones. I have spent in excess of 4 hours today trying to get this sorted. None of their staff have English as their first language so can't understand what they are being told, do not read previous contact information, tell complete lies ie. The phone was delivered, the phone was cancelled, the phone was redirected all on one call. 4 separate complaints raised and not one call back from manager as requested numerous times. Appalling customer service. Did offer to deliver on 25th December when I had to inform him that is Christmas day in our country! Extremely disappointed and unbelievably unhelpful staff."
"I've been out of service over a month and they want me to pay no, customer service is horrific no one seems to know what to do but one young lady since July going into Aug"
DO NOT TRADE-IN YOUR PHONE AT AT&T as i was a 3 years in happy customer i hated it after what happened and i’ll just pay it off and switch to some other company.what happens is recently i traded in my 14 Pro max 512 GB for a 16 Pro max 256 Gb and to be honest with you i had some cracks at the back of the phone but they gave me $830 estimated price for rhe phone at the store and they said my charges would be $11 for the new phone and i took the deal.After i traded-in i called them and they told me the screen wasn’t turning on and off so they revalued my old phone and gave me $400 in credits instead of $830 and i can truly say even if i would sell it i would’ve took $800 so they robbed me by $400 and they only paid $400 for my old phone and when i asked my phone back they told me the policy and terms that i signed up won’t allow me to get it back.There was nothing wrong with the screen they made this to make extra bucks on me and they are probably doing it to a lot of people and making extra millions of dollars by this.Just wanted to let everybody know.I would’ve gave 0 stars if there was an option
"Overpriced Garbage internet service..Horrible out of country call centers..They charge you a monthly internet fee, but out of 30 days in a month you can only use your internet about 18 days and they won't give you a pro'rated charge..Scam......"
"The service is diabolical, ordered a phone, it took 2 weeks longer than promised, missed her birthday. I paid £800 upfront payment. Told by customer services she could collect it, they wouldn't do so, cancelled order, but then found out it wasn't cancelled, holding onto the money, apparently another 10 days now to get money back. Shocking as soon as we can all leave this network we are gone."
"I have used multiple pay as you go numbers over the years...and had taken 1 subscription back in 09/2022.The phone got stolen right after signing the paperwork and up until today the Vodafone staff has charged me a monthly £15,- for a service I never used.Each time I walked into the shop, showing ID and requested to stop taking money, they'd stop me by saying I can no longer give the number or pin ..as I simply forgot...so they keep charging me and I now got a notification on my credit score that it is going down due to unpaid Vodafone bills..very disappointed. Definitely never taking out anymore future products of them."
I am suicidal because of this company.  This company has taken everything from me.. my job. I'm about to be homeless in a month. I can't return a 800$ bike. I've lost 20 pounds because I can only afford to eat once a day. The reason is because I dropped my phone in the water. Had insurance got a new phone. They don't have a store around here (wish I would have been informed) in fact it's a different state. They can't send an activation code to my phone because the sim isn't activated makes no sense. I can't go out of state to get a frighten code because I am disabled. They are going back and forth back and forth. Telling me they guarantee it's fixed to telling me there's no way around it. It's making things that much worse with my mental health when they do this to me. The reason I cannot access all my accounts is because I changed every account to just one password. I forgot to write them down and was going to  but then i dropped my phone in water. worked as a 3rd party Amazon seller (job lost) apartment (I'll be homeless in a month) rapid weightloss (lost 20 pounds in the past month because I can no longer afford to eat) I cannot access my home security system (which is awesome because there's been an influx of break ins where I live) I don't know what I'm gonna do so I can only see one way out. This company has taken everything from me. I've never been suicidal in my life and now I have it all planned out. I'm making arrangements to give all my stuff away and just let my family know just how much I love them. I never thought getting a phone would be the reason I leave this world. I've never experienced worse customer service in my life. They really could care less about the customer and only care about money.
"I have finally cancelled my Vodafone broadband after two years of terrible connection and even worse customer service. Long waiting call centre times, staff unable to understand or help with issues and one of the most expensive packages out there. The average call time is typically over an hour, frequently cutting out and having to call back several times for a basic request. Happy to move over to Community Fibre!"
"Avoid If you live in/near Chalgrove OX447RW. Signal seems to drop regularly for last year n half. Its often moaned about on our local fb page.I'm moving to O2 in next few days.Greg H.My response to Vodafone reply.Very good, just parrot reply. There are also multiple times each week signal drops for short periods, which we put up with. I guess ur system doesn't alert you to these moments/ issue not been addressed. It's now the norm heavy rain, very windy, power cut (no battery backup! Or if there is, you have another dodgy connection to alert you) signal drops at Chalgrove. In reality service has been going downhill for few years. This last signal down  took you over 6 hours to respond saying problem by email/text! This bicycle alert to yourselves not fit for purpose. On that I rest my case. You have no idea on how bad ur kit at Chalgrove mast is really performing."
"I have had a very bad experience with T-Mobile right from the get-go. They're employed lied to me and I have been lied to for the last 2 weeks. They have my phone I have no refund. I'm disabled on disability, they basically ripped me off. When An employee tells you that your refund will be on your card by Monday, and you talk to somebody else on monday. And they say he shouldn't ever said that. Aren't they supposed to honor what they say? But any business that Hires other people from a different country. And doesn't keep our money in our country shame on you."
"Reported a complaint told response time would be 72 hours that was 3 weeks ago and still waiting when an agent told me registered blind, disabled and housebound customer to pop down to my local store to get help talk about rude and discriminatory behaviour is that Acceptable ?The reply I got was reach out to our social media team what part of  BLIND  did Vodafone not get?????"
"I dropped 2 business lines in July. In Oct they finally resolved the problem and the lines were dropped form the account! I then attempted to simply move a line to a personal account ( AARP discount) they moved it to a ""business account""---the foreign rep then moved it back to the original account--each time adding fees!"
"Tried to cancel internet before they sent me the modem. Told me I had to wait 24 hours but it would be cancelled and ""rest assured It would be cancelled and I wouldn't be charged"". Ended up on hold for 30mins the next day trying to make sure it's cancelled before I gave up. They sent it anyway. Now I need to figure out how to return this thing without being charged. It's ridiculous."
Try to upgrade on black friday as I'm due a upgrade never received my phone so I done a chat vie my app was told it was cancelled and there's a glitch on my account they will sort it so come December I tryed again and again it was cancelled then I thought 3rd time lucky and new year but once again cancelled i was told it was a glitch then told it was the sim then told I could reorder but again nothing then I was told that I now can't doing anything untill March well I can't wait as I'm taking all 3 accounts I have some where eles as it's been lies after lies
the company is useless they don't have the time to train their employees the right way that's way they do mistakes  now I have to pay 2000 dollars for those mistakes
We canceled service and Tmobile continued to debit account. We called customer service continued to get runaround and no resolve to situation. We where a 20 year customer and over years watched bill go up service go down switched to Xfinty
"If I could give this “service” a .5 star I would. I’ve never had an internet service with an attitude but here we are. I’m not kidding, even trying to do a SINGLE download will slow your shit down tremendously. The prices they charge for this and what you get in return should be federally illegal and punishable by public humiliation for 6 business days straight. Don’t waste your time on this dogshit, it might as well be a god damn scam"
"so here it is tmobile is over charging customers, here it is I have paid 1780 in fees and for services for the last 3 months to owe tmobile 1726 for services and fees to now being threaten to turn off my services for 200 dollars on a over payment they got in November and made adjustment on my billed to still charge it and get a message stating I have a past due for December 16 of 212 dollars to pay 300 on that 212.00 to owe them now 600 dollars! That’s a rip off! The supervisor said it well the 212 was past due but it was incorrect! How? How can a company say you owe them 212 in past due fees on the 16 of December to get a payment of 300 on the 23rd of December to now owe you 600 on the 25  and they turning my services off! Sad Tmobile, so the supervisor stated to now having to pay us more to get your phone back on to over charge again! this is not right!!"
"THE WORST. There is literally NOTHING good about this network. I am stuck with it because i live rurally, but if you are in a city USE GIFF GAFF. Vodafone are just after your money, they make everything difficult, if you want to change a plan or bundle they make it night on impossible. Honestly the Worst app and the worst company. completely wasting my time trying to do the simplest of tasks"
I have been a customer of T-Mobile‘s for nine years. I went into the store today after being told I had a $3000 credit limit to upgrade my iPhone 12 to iPhone 16 Pro Max and was told essentially because although I make my payment on time every month I split the payments up into two payments. I’m being judged and now they want me to pay a total of $900 for two phones so I will be leaving T-Mobile.
Terrible Hold Time Even To Pay a Bill u have to wait 1 hour for and agent and the worse collection company also they use
"Very poor customer care, I contacted Vodafone to explain I had recently had to stop work to look after my autistic daughter who had been taken out of school due to anxiety and asked if I could spread my payments, but this landed of deaf ears and I was only given a deadline for payment, a few weeks later vodafone disconnected my phone and also my daughters phone. Im a single parent and live in a remote area so this caused a huge problem as I didn't have a landline, I couldnt ring Doctors or Friends in an already stressful situation but Vodafone only cared about payment. A few months later my Mother died suddenly and this was devastating for all of our family, for the first time in 30 years I found my self using a public payphone to organize my mothers funeral and when I contacted Vodafone and explained they once again demanded payment before they would reconnect. Ive been with Vodafone for 26 years and would never recommend this company to anybody, absolutely no empathy or care what so ever for their customers. Steer well clear of this company and use one of their competitors.This network provider doesn't even deserve the 1 x star ive given, sadly there isn't a zero star option."
"On April 17, 2024 Geraldine Walsh went to the AT&T store at 10 Washington Street, Norwell, MA to get a new phone.  She gave her iPhone 12 PRO to the store manager as a trade-in for a new phone.  The amount for the iPhone (trade-in) was going to be $750 as quoted by the manager.  He did not give her a receipt as he said the credit would show up as a credit in her online bill.  When after 2 months Geraldine did not see the credit, she called the store.  That manager is now at a new store.  The current manager told her there was no ""record"" of her iPhone 12 Pro being given to the previous store manager as a trade-in.  She then called AT& T multiple times - and they also told her there was no record of her trading in her phone.  They did nothing to help.  Finally, ""Missy"" from AT &T said that it was up to Geraldine to prove that she gave the manager her phone and that she should file a police report. Geraldine has now filed a police report, and they are going to pull the stores camera.  That AT&T was so completely unhelpful is so awful."
Have had the worst week with your company had to schedule  three appointments  in one week 1st day technician  José didn't  even step foot in my house  yet he said he fixed my internet i asmueed it was goibg to work which he didn't had to schedule  for the next day the appointment  was scheduled  from 4 to 8 yet same technician came from 315 to 345 I didn't ask for that time. Called your  800 numerous  times was supposed to have a wait  time of 3 to 4 minutes  which  ended up being  a hour and half called back  again for a call back got called back to be  put on hold again for 20 minutes 3rd appointment  which  I was going to be charged a $99 dispatch  I was home second appointment  at time I requested not my fault your stupid tech can't tell time I requested  4 not 3 3rd day tech was very helpful now. I'm  trying to suspend my internet and I can't do that for some reason I have no internet  connection  from my computer  I need to get my computer fixed  so I guess I have to cancel my service with your crappy company  since I can't suspend it
"If I could leave a zero I would.  I signed up for the internet service, which didn't work well in my home.  I cancelled it literally days later.  The process to cancel was easy and the person who helped me was great.  The following month I get a bill for $2.50.  I go online to try to pay the bill and am unable to get into my account since it is closed.  I attempt to pay as a guest, no luck.  I open a chat for help.  They tell me that I need to call to pay.  So, the next day, I call to make the payment.  Of course t-mobile uses a call center somewhere outside of America and the person I speak with speaks broken English, so explaining the situation and understanding him is not ideal.  He tells me I need to go onto the app to create a pin in order to verify who I am, so that I can make a payment.  We go back and forth and I finally ask to speak to a manager, which he refuses to transfer me to.  So even though I have my account number and am able to verify any information they need me to, they are unwilling to let me make a payment without a pin.  Which is interesting since I didn't need a pin to actually create an account with new service.  Makes perfect sense.  So now, I will have to waste more of my time to go into the store for $2.50.  Thanks T-mobile for making it so difficult to simply pay a bill."
"This is the 3rd time Iv posted a review about this lacklustre so called broadband provider ,After hours and hours of mind numbing phone calls trying to sort out my broadband due to lack of strength and being sent a pathetic booster box which hasn’t made any difference in performance i don’t know what to do,, but what I do know that its taken over 3 months now to try and get what Iv been paying for the 30 days I was given to get my money back if I decided to cancel has unsurprisingly lapsed but I’m sure Vodafone know exactly what they are doing so you are trapped for 24 months ,Absolutely disgusting in my eyes .I live in a small 2 bed bungalow and and my Vodafone signal ( fibre 2 ) has trouble going beyond the front room the router is positioned lol it’s a joke , so Vodafone upgrade me to fibre 2 with a booster box 6 and it’s exactly the same , even my ring doorbell is still dropping outDO NOT  and I mean DO NOT waste your money on this diabolically run provider unless you like the piss taken out of you .I had so many people say to me not to go with Vodafone at the start but I thought that I couldn’t be that bad so I give it a go :-(((  I wish I had listened to them now good god !!!"
"I left T-Mobile May 31st this year for a cheaper option. Two weeks later they billed me for the upcoming month. I called 9 time since then and still have not received a refund for their billing error. Suffice it to say, I will NEVER return to T-Mobile!"
"Vodafone offered me a good deal to switch my mobile to them, so I, stupidly, decided to go with them. Long story short , I have had no phone connection for 6 days now, I have spent hours and hours on the phone, being told all kinds of rubbish and untruths, the last of which was an absolute guarantee my phone would be connected today but of course it's not , I still don't have a phone. I can't go to another provider as Vodafone say they can't give me a PAC code at this point. I wish I'd never, ever gone near them. I will not be switching my mobile to them . They are one of the worst phone companies I've ever encountered. AVOID if you want to stay sane l."
Waited in all day for my broadband installation. Received a message from vodaphone yesterday confirming an engineer would be here today. I was finally told it wasn’t being installed today after I phoned to see where the engineer was. Lack of communication between both Vodafone and the engineers (City fibre). I’ve cancelled and also lost a days work in the process. Annoyed is an understatement.
"I tried to sign up for a 2 year broadband contract at £36 per month.The Vodafone website simply failed at the checkout: no ability to join them.Rang Customer Service to JOIN Vodafone and only got muzak and apology they were too busy message.If that is how they treat people who WANT to become customers, imagine how you will be treated when you have signed up."
Same thing bait and switch. Said credit for phone then never mentioned I would have to pay for the phone for two. My bad for not reading the fine print but the store made it sound like the phone was paid off and the contract was for two years.
"Hugely disappointed with Vodafone - my mobile data simply switched off the last week of August. Reason unknown. For someone who’s out of the house a lot and needs mobile data to be able to carry out day to day activities, this was a tremendous inconvenience.Customer service online did some trouble shooting, with no success. They advised me to go to a local Vodafone shop so the SIM card could be changed… Right around that time, however, I had to travel overseas which meant 3 weeks of continued inconvenience and no access to the Internet.Upon my return to the country, I swiftly visited a Vodafone shop. They couldn’t fix it, despite changing the SIM card twice. The only solution was to deactivate my number for 4 days (imagine not having your number and people not being able to reach you!) while a different solution was attempted.This luckily fixed the issue but at what cost! A complaint on my behalf was filed by the Vodafone shop service people while I was with them and today I received a call where I was offered a credit for two months as a compensation. Laughable! Vodafone needs to try much harder to keep their customers happy, especially if they deactivate my number to fix their network issues!I requested escalation of the complaint.In all honesty, as soon as this is sorted, I’m switching over to another provider. My husband had a similar issue with Vodafone last year… They are just not up to the mark!"
"ATT is aweful. I have 5 lines or so for over a decade and they are only getting worse as time progresses. The entire inferstructure for cellular data is owned and built by tmobile anyway, so you might as well not support a bunch of incompetent 3rd party tower leeches to analyse your data (which they profit from) just to connect you to a service that is available from tmobile( who also profit for all your personal data). Is TMobile any better? No. Not really. But seeing as how  att isnt even nessessarry, they are as cocky and putrid as should be expected. They can possibly issue refunds in 3 to 6 weeks but they cant give you back your time and effort and mental stability, not that they would even if they could. Their apps for security are depricated before you even download them, they charge for services they dont provide and they cost cut by routing all your issues as customers to non us based call support. Sound fun? No?"
"After Vodafone messing up my broadband  install and leaving me with no internet, they got act together and fixed that, now 2 months down the line I find they are charging me for a mobile hotspot( that they sent I didn't want) and were going to carry on that 57.48 mth charge and the help desk idiots could not see the maths in the bill claiming the bill was correct.I've raised a formal complaint and will update asapPs the previous specialist care email I had previously referred 6 digit no doesn't workUpdate 16/1/25 after registering a complaint and spending hours on phone to the helpdesk and me demanding a supervisor contact me, a manager phoned last night to agree with my figures for the costs and has said he will refund me, but nothing else for my hassle."
"Their scam detection program is a joke. Literally, it labels every incoming call as a potential scam call  if the person uses their phone occasionally."
"Still no internet, 5 days after activation day I’ve still not got internet connection, every Vodafone staff I’ve spoken to has not helped in anyway shape of form, I’ve been told there’s an issue with my openreach box ID number and that they would notify openreach and the issue would be resolved within 24h, 5 days later and I’ve had no help or solutions after calling them to see when I’ll have working internet all I get is the problem will be resolved soon and that I don’t need to contact them because they will contact me, really poor service still not got any answer on when it will be sorted or what the issue is. Will be cancelling at the end of the week if there’s no improvement."
"I've been a TMobile customer for over 20 years, since it was Aerial, back in 1997.For more than 6 months, I've been paying late fees because my payment due date was originally the 13th of each month and I usually make my payment when I get paid on the 15th of each month. In August, I contacted TMobile Customer Service  to request my payment due date to be changed to at least the 15th of each month. For my surprise, after I was informed that the change was made, the following bill (September) was still reflecting the 10th as the due date for the payments. I patiently contacted TMobile Customer Service once again and supposedly, the issue was resolved, but I still had to pay the late charges. When I received the notification for the October payment, once again, the due date reflected is the 10th. I contacted TMobile again and I was given a credit so ok. I was also explained that I could schedule a payment on October 15th or 16th, as a payment arrangement, and that the November payment was to be due as requested, on or after the 15th of each month. For my surprise, and once again, I just received the notification about my bill with a due date of 11/10th and this time the total amount due is $20 higher than the last amount paid.I contacted customer service once again, this time yelling and screaming to whom identified himself as a Supervisor, Brandon, who stated that he was able to change the due date but I will still be responsible to pay the November bill on the 10th. He offered a $20 credit (A JOKE, AN INSULT) as damage control. Ridiculous.I'm not asking for $20.  I'm asking to get the due date fixed. I feel it is unfair that after over 20 years of paying on time, I need to keep paying late fees due to the incompetency of the TMobile's staff, where nobody seems to be able to make a simple change to an account. As a mortgage loan processor, I know the importance of paying on time; however, looks like TMobile is unwilling to help in order to keep collecting late fees."
"I'm Very disappointed with the broadband connection. I'm with Vodafone from June I was quite excited to jump from slow BT broadband in to super fast full fibre Vodafone...that's how was advertised everywhere. Unfortunately that was a mistake my BT broadband was slow but very stable with very low latency great for online gaming which I can't say about Vodafone broadband high latency and unstable connection. I've contacted the customer service to find out what is causing high latency on my broadband and after a few tests and checks there's no solution to this. After digging deeper I've done a few tests and trace route my connection and it looks like my connection is being routed through Vodafone's Scottish servers in Glasgow or Edinburgh. So my connection goes almost the length of the country across vodafone's network, before it even meets the internet. I live near London. And there's no solution for this...If you are looking for a smooth and low latency connection for online gaming definitely avoid Vodafone it's not a great option!"
July 26 2024 my internet just went out. Tried all the reset crap 2 or 3 times. Called customer service and they sent out a technician. He said the line was broken and a new line had to be ran. After 3 no show scheduled times buried cable crew came out to bury a line that hasn’t even been laid yet. This happened 3 three different days. Finally a crew came out and ran and buried the line and left open on both ends for the technician to hook up. Two day later still nobody showed up. Every time you call and schedule a technician he never showed up. Come to find out the buried cable contractor never turned the finished ticket in. Called and scheduled a time again yesterday 8/19/24 again a no show. Called again first thing this morning and technician is supposed to show again today 8/20/24 we will see if they show today.
"Absolutely the worst wireless company in the country!Aside from dropped calls almost daily and messages not going through the customer service is atrocious.I have never dealt with such stupidity and ignorance and I was with Bank of America...that's saying something!They will literally lock your phone even after you've paid your bill forcing to pay again.The lies and games are truly unbelievable.It's no wonder out of every single carrier in the country they were rated the absolute worst...on a scale of 1-100 they scored a 51.I'm not surprised but so grateful to be gone and to never have to deal with their terrible ""lack of customer service"" agents ever again!"
"Just found out that they changed their policy, when the account is suspended they still charge the full amount.  Last year it was a not so reasonable $10/month, now it is just a ripoff!   Will return the gateway modem from now on, and need it will go pick up a new one...."
"I transferred devices from one account to another in 2023. Multiple times I contact t mobile because the devices were not transferred. I was told they would take care of it. They never did. They sent me to collections for those devices, even after they verified I contacted them about the issue. I spoke with the store manager and other store employee's with no resolution. I have been trying to get this taken out of collections and off my credit due to their error and they refuse. I have no problem paying off the devices, I just want it off my credit and the payment plan for the devices honored. The only valid reason I can come up with is the fact a family member who worked there was sexually harassed, was physically assaulted, and received multiple death threats from staff at the Yreka, Ca store, so as a punishment to my family for having the manager and other 2 employee's involved terminated for this behavior."
"After being a customer for many years with this company, they simply do not care. I’ve been paying off a barely working IPhone for 4 years. I have to pay 99.00 to trade it in for the same obsolete model despite signing up for their buy one get one free plan years ago. Due to the fact we’ve upgraded - that was cancelled. Obviously, most people want to upgrade.The company preys on people’s desire to be trendy and in. They prey on their misfortune, and their absentminded selves. They bought Metro PCS so nope, cannot go there and pay less, they bought Sprint, so now cannot go there and not deal with these crazy corporate games since they are TMobile now.We need phones because it’s 2024 sadly. So we put up with it. They know this.There are never any offers local to people in the Northeast for the T-Mobile Tuesdays hardly. There are definitely no offers for loyal customers. No discounts nothing. You want that fancy new phone? You’ll have to pay for it for 4 years in small payments and it’s a never ending high bill.I’ve had to replace my daughters phone about 7 times and pay a fee every time of a whopping 99.00. The Assurian insurance is terrible. If T mobile is such a big company, why not just walk in the store, pay the deductible and exchange phones there if we are to pay the high price? Twice Assurian claimed they lost the old phones we sent in-  threatening to charge us for not sending in the (very broken phones) only for many calls later to have “found” them once shown proof of tracking. It’s truly corporate greed and being treated like a number at its finest.I’ve been told “if we do this for one person we’d have to do it for everyone!”The reason for my final upset - I’ve fallen on hard times these last few months and cannot pay my insanely expensive bill. Our phones will be shut off because they want to argue with me over the fact I cannot pay the last two bills and they will get their money eventually. They are a multibillion dollar company. They make you promise to pay on a Sunday so if you get any money on Friday then it won’t be in that day. You don’t realise this. They do though.They also won’t let a relative or friend pay in the store either or let you pay with an expired ID as I don’t have money to get a new one yet.I’m a responsible person. I had a job. I ended up working for a company who replaced a higher up with a very unprofessional individual to put it nicely - and I left for my safety. I have not been able to get a job since. I’ve been living on savings and some I will get back soon. T mobile cannot wait??? I have proof of this. They are a very wealthy company.This never has happened we have always paid. So clearly something personal is going on. They do not care. They should really have honoured their buy one get one on the phones too but that is not happening either because my daughter wanted to upgrade.So that’s my experience with T-Mobile and that is what happens when a company becomes a monopoly. Thank you."
I’ve been with Vodafone for years never had an issue until recently so I went into my local Vodafone shop in Lincoln. Sadly the great service I’ve had from Vodafone throughout the years was not replicated in store as they seemed uninterested in helping me and instead just disregarded me sending me to another place. Next time I need help I will avoid this store.
"On 12-06-23, my mother and I walked in to the T-mobile store located at 1491 W Mason St, Green Bay, WI 54303 to buy a phone and start a plan.  We walked in and we were never greeted at all, no ""hey"", no ""we'll be with you in a minute"", nothing.  We took a seat and waited for a half hour but were never even acknowledged in the least so finally, exasperated and a bit shocked, we got up and left.  Those two T-Mobile workers in there were the two most rude, unqualified airheads I've ever personally experienced in a retail setting.  Their customer service, or lack thereof, was horrible and virtually nonexistent.  Even a dog will come up and greet someone, these people could not have ignored us more."
The absolute worst customer service and telecommunications Co. EVER. Too long for me to write here.
"I joined T-mobile when it was the ""uncarrier"" under Jonh Legere.  The service wasn't always great, but they tried, and I wanted to support that.  We were on a family plan, and after about 15 years, and as the kids aged, it made sense for us to switch to a different carrier that better fit our needs.  That's when the nightmare started.I got an letter saying that I never returned a 4G range extender that I received in 2012.  Yes, 4G and 2012.  It had never worked for us, so we returned it to the store at least 7 years ago.   There was no indication on our account that T-Mobile still thought we had it, so I had long since lost any receipt -- it was off the account, so why hold it?So I called T-mobile at least 10 times over 7 months.  First they said they were trying to locate it, then said I'd receive a credit since they found it.  The credit hadn't been issued, so I called again, at which time they said that since they had no record of it, I owed the full original price, plus a late fee, and there was no way to appeal.  Remember: this was a 4G (which is seldom used) device that was over 12 years old and they told me that they would issue a credit ... until today.  Oh, and if I didn't pay, they'd ding my credit rating.So today I paid over $200 to be done forever with T-mobile.  I hope other people have better experiences, and I loved ""old""  T-mobile, but I couldn't recommend T-mobile of today.  To say for months that I was all set, then to turn on a dime -- for a device with no value that they should have known I returned -- is (IMO) terrible service, so to anyone who asks, I'd recommend trying another carrier."
AT&T is absolute trash! Mobile service f**king suck and the company should be required to cease requiring payment from any user. You are taking money for a service you are not providing. There is never a reason I should be in my house and not be able to talk on my phone because the other person can’t hear me/I’m going in and out. It is inexcusable for me to have to walk around my house to try and place an outgoing call! Just this morning I attempted to call AT&T over 25 times before my call would actually go through. And they always give the scam excuse of “we’re aware of some interruptions due to us improving our service.” No you’re not! You’re not trying to improve crap - all the company is doing is placing more customers on a network they don’t even have the bandwidth to provide decent service to their already customers.
"Called about a automated message that keeps calling me 20 times or more a day for over a month.  The first person I talked to recommended their scam shield, I told them I have it and use it but all that does is send it to my voicemail and that still alerts me I have voice mail all hours of the day and night.  I asked to speak with level 2 support, they put me in hold for about 30 minutes when finally I got a ringing sound and then a message stating they can't take my call.  Excellent customer support (not), they couldn't even come back on the line to say they would call me back or anything.  After being a customer for over 20 years I'll be moving to Verizon this weekend.  T-Mobile doesn't care about their customers at all."
If I could give negative 5 I would. Their customer service is awful and what they tell you in the store is different than what they tell you over the phone or from one person to another. No consistency in processes and no idea how to be helpful at all.
"Switched to Vodafone with BIG regrets. My City Fibre engineers inspected my installation to check for faults and concluded that the reason for not getting my contracted speeds was down to a faulty router which they reported back to Vodafone. They will not send out a replacement and all communications have hit a brick wall. Vodafone are in breach of their contract but dont want to know. So payments halted. Avoid !Following their reply below, i have since installation date communicated with the store, Arte robot, various expert agents, personal managers and Twitter and have a stream of correspondants and open tickets all saying ""i will help and sort this for you, please stay connected"" when in fact every person i have engaged with apart from City Fibre who support my case, are designed to wear you down by putting up a breeze block wall and not help whatsoever. They wont listen to you or City Fibre when you simply need a replacement router! Complete Madness, Best way is to stop paying them but even that so far hasnt worked. Better still stay clear of Vodafone you will regret it.Ok so senior complaints involved now and a very polite lady called to say a new router is on its way and offered compensation. New router is worse than the original (kind of expected) but now Advisors say case is closed.The penny dropped. The router i have is not faulty but simply not fit for pupose. It will never reach the contracted speeds that City Fibre advise. The idea is you are forced to upgrade and pay more but even then if i thought it would work i am sure it wouldnt with faith lost in Vodafone. Glad i didnt buy the alltogether mobile phones as well! Refused to pay anymore and asked to be released from contract."
"If I could put a negative mark I would. Do not recommend this company. Had issues with account, called over 8 times with same issue. Thought it was resolved. A year Later, they sent me to COLLECTIONS for fees I didn't owe!!!!!! Hate this company.."
Customer service is a robot. Can’t talk to a human about complex problems.   Worst experience ever
"Stay away from this company!! their service is horrible, they lie and are untrustworthy! after me and my wife paid our devices off (with account up to date) and being a customer over a year, they would not unlock our devices after couple attempts and speaking to different customer service (after they initially said they would but needed to wait first was 48 hr then 72 hr then more excuses after that), there was always an excuse. and giving us the run around about this, then asking why we need our phones unlocked? all to keep stealing from you! all this does is frustrate the customer and making them want to leave even more! they need to do better, but I am done dealing with them! do yourself a favor and look elsewhere."
"Just awful.. it all started with the outage in our area internet was off for 2 weeks, with them telling us it'll be on the next day. Then they have the nerve to charge for a full month! I have had the worst experience with them, customer service is booty juice aswell. Said they would call back within the hour, waited 2 hours and then call me back 5 minutes before they close. Just to leave me on hold for 20 minutes before I gave up."
"This company is a good example of the oligarchies that are bringing this country to its knees. It is all about money, not customer service or quality.IF they let you talk to an agent (and it's nearly impossible), they employ overseas ESL agents you can barely understand and, though they're SUPER ready to add additional services, their internal communication sucks so bad that your bill is always messed up and separated.They sold me on internet, spent 45 minutes on the phone with me, and then sent me only part of the equipment I needed and told me to set up myself."
Cancelled internet. They will not pro rate the bill. Cell phone service also sucks
"My dad’s truck broke down so he put his entire paycheck into it, he couldn’t pay his AT&T phone bill. His phone was cut off, so I called AT&T to make the payment myself. I was on the phone for an hour and 45 minutes, the entire time she was trying to sell me things. Finally, when I just had to tell her straight up, I’m not interested. I want to pay my dad‘s bill, she just hung up. Wasted an hour and 45 minutes today, my head hurts now. I’m getting my dad to switch to my phone plan, I am so thankful I didn’t purchase anything she was trying to sell. AT&T customer service is horrible."
"My relative has been in a care home for a year and has dementia, he has also lost his phone. Consequently, I thought I should cancel his account. I went  into a store and they said they could not help and I should ring their the Vodafone Critical Care team. This I did but again they said they could not do anything without the account holder speaking to them. My relative is not saying much that makes sense now so I'm not sure how that will work! Unless I can cancel they will keep taking his money even though he will not be able to use the account, how is this right?I do not have Power of Attorney so how do we get this resolved? I can give you the care home details and you can ask them."
"I disconnected my service to move to a new provider. The agent told me it would disconnect Oct 8. They disconnected it 4 days early. When I asked support, they couldn’t reconnect it, and flatly refused to compensate the difference. 4 days without service and told to go do one when they clearly understood the mistake was entirely theirs. Useless support. Avoid!!!"
"Been with them for 16 years, went to upgrade my Internet and have been left without for 28 days, lied to about a router being delievred and had appointments cancelled and never informed me. Avoid like the plague, been with o2 for 2 months now and the difference in service is profound"
"They are not interested in faults as they are too busy mocking customers with endless security questions due to forgotton pin and two long waits for a supervisor too be told ""no it's me your talking to""(Faizan). Then they call you back , Oh, I am going to put you through now... You know what? Don't bother Vodafone, we see you.  I hear Starlink has a UK offer on."
"Sorry Vodafone - ABSOLUTELY SHOCKING!  We took out a new Sim the other week - £20 a month for unlimited data, calls, texts etc.Rang today and asked - our 2 existing sims that we’ve had since 2010 (both out of contract), why can’t we change them to the same £20 a month deal?Got told ‘that £20 a month is for new customers only - nothing we can do, best we can do is £23 a month’Thats AWFUL - someone in product should be sacked for that - existing loyal customers should get BETTER deals than new customers to ensure retention.We’ll keep the new Sim as its working fine, but Vodafone will lose the 2 existing SimsIts high time Ofcom stepped in and just like insurance companies  forced phone providers to offer existing customers the same deals as new customers on renewal!In the mean time Vodafone product teams can should ‘read the room’ and do a lot more to ensure customer retention - there’s only so much customer services and sales can do if their hands are tied by poor deals for existing customers!"
"Telephone customer service is nonexistent. Multiple times I've waited on the phone, and finally left my phone number for a return call, but that call never came. Right now researching an alternate carrier."
"Went with vodafone full 'superfast' fiber after leaving sky. All installed November last year. It worked for 3 months and I STILL have a NET ticket open from 20th February 2024!! I was told there is an 'event' happening currently which is why I am being throttled. It was 3.3mbps at the weekend and now I cant even stream any basics. Furthermore, I was also told that there is no timescale as to when this event will be completed and that I will continue to get no fiber until this has been done. Also, I have been offererd NO compensation or discounts as apparently you 'cant' because there is no estimated timescales. So almost a year of broadband and I have 3 months at best. I have shifted EVERYTHING over to Vodafone from Sky and for what? An absolute disgrace of a company. Im hoping someone from Vodafone reach out after reading this as I am on the verge of cancelling my direct debit as you still expect me to pay FULL service whilst this issue of 8 months continues. What a farce!"
"Went to the store to get a new phone. a very kind employee was waiting on hold for 4 hrs. During the 4hrs i watched the sun melt slowly down the walls of the store with my mother. After the 4hrs and minimal progress was made, we finally got to actually purchasing the phone. We randomly got selected for a fraud department shake down. But unfortunately the fraud department was closed. I rise from my beautiful slumber to start on my pilgrimage to the at&t store. I was  greeted by my favorite associate and a new one who was just as kind. I sit and i wait. The anticipation was overwhelming, finally my iphone 8 that ive had since it came out can lay to rest. But again was met by the corporate thugs that do things with no rhyme or reason. Only to enforce the power dynamic over the little guy that is so immovable in our society. My disappointment is immeasurable. One star."
"Worst experience, Becareful , they are only nice when you sign in and join after no service .. whatsoeverBad connection, bad service, they are only care to charge youWorst overseas service but still they charge you fully Aldo you could barely can get service,Rude and unprofessional costumer service or better say no costumer service or help at all.When you call the don’t give a damn about you.They look for excuse to hang up on youThey do not keep their promises if you request for something.JustWorst phone company in USA"
"I wish trust pilot could give me the option to leave 0 starts, WORST COMPANY EVER. They scam you, steal from you and increase prices without telling you. To after they charge you, they can tell you that they can decrease the price after they charge you more than they should. I rather die than return to ATT. I switched to another mobile company, they told me that after the numbers are transferred, the AtT service lines would be automatically cancelled. We are a family of 4. Everyone except my sister choose to not change their number, just transfer the number. We ask several times if the limes would be canceled, they did it with the 3 phones that choose to stay with the same number, but not with my sister number. My sister number was active and they were charging 77.04 for it, a line that was not being used. I HAVE TO ALSO SHARE THE HORRIBLE WAIT TIME IN THE CALLS. In companies like Spectrum the wait time is less than 3 minutes, in Att is 1 hour or more. Worst mobile service ever. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY. You paid your phones, they increase the prices of the lines, and also they charge 100 dollars when you request technical support on the home internet while in T mobile, Spectrum this is free, that’s why I said that they scam you or steal from you, because that is supposed to be a free included service. No way. Dunno how they can still in the mobile business. But karma exist and justice does also exist. Why they have to be like this ? Why can’t they be a good mobile company, why choose to be evil. Me, family and even friends will never be back to this dark hole called ATT"
"This has got to be the worst phone company on planet earth. They screw up my account and then can't fix it. I can be in the middle of working on the computer, be in my email checking things, go to a different tab for less than five minutes and it will log me out randomly saying ""it looks like you stepped away so we logged you out for security reasons. WHAT SECURITY REASONS???, I AM IN THE MIDDLE OF WORKING WITH IT!!! STEPPED AWAY MY DONKEY TAIL! Then it takes forever to get logged back in because of all the issues with my account that they created. I end up having to call ATT and have to hang on the phone for an hour or more. I have literally spent hours on the phone trying to fix one problem - removing an old email as a recovery email. People do stuff that they don't know what they are doing and then no one can fix it. If it weren't so problematic changing your email on so many different things I would have switched a long time ago. It is now reaching the point where it will be worth it. The people are poorly trained, but are trying to make points to move up and do things they have no idea how it will affect the rest of the account or how to undo it. This company is not at all customer focused. If I could leave zero stars, I would. And when I complain they just say, ""sorry you feel that way"" DISINGENUOUS."
I am not a customer of T-Mobile but am receiving nuisance calls from their call centre on average 3-4 times per week. I have repeatedly asked them to take my number off the list & stop calling me but yet the issue persists for over a year. My number is registered with tps so who knows how they got it. Awful. I am sick of the stress & interruptions.
I just paid almost 360.00 for my bill and they’re still not letting me activate my line
Horrible Company!!! Horrible Horrible Horrible!!
"We live in Queen Creek AZ and our local AT$T promised great coverage and 5g connectivity. All we get, even at home is dropped calls and dead zones for coverage. All over town it’s the same thing. This is the worst service we’ve ever had."
"Beware of switching to Vodafone. If something go wrong you’ll be left without a working phone for days, and will be fobbed off with fix timescales that they don’t observe. It seems like nobody knows what is going on.There is no sense of urgency, they don’t seem to care."
"This place is terrible I made a settlement to pay my T Mobile home Internet now when I call they hang the phone on my phace I make settlement and I pay now they say I have to pay more 130,00 ?? I am taking you all to court I am so tired of this company bulshit"
"I have been paying 4.5 years for insurance that is supposed to cover batter replacement. When making a claim they send you to a 3rd party who wants me to drive 2hours away or pay $250 for a new phone that I can buy locally for the same price. The insurance is a scam, ATT is all about quantity not customer service"
"My contract was coming to an end and I was advised to have a 3 month sim then visit the store after Christmas for a better deal. When Covid came and lockdown I tried to deal with this online. I had been a customer for about 20 years and wanted to stay. Vodafone would only offer a 2 year deal which I couldn’t afford and I mentioned 02 were offering a 3 year deal. I was told if I wasn’t happy I should go to O2 then. My phone wasn’t working properly and I wanted to keep my number and  being a pensioner and disabled I needed a working phone. I told Vodafone I was leaving but again they weren’t helpful so I got a phone from O2. Vodafone said they weren’t informed and charged me for a 2 year deal which I couldn’t afford to pay. In spite of several letters, emails and phone calls Vodafone couldn’t have cared less. Only interested in making money, very poor customer service. I could only do so much, I couldn’t go to the store for help because of lockdown so what more could I have done? I now need a loan to get my roof fixed as I’ve got water coming in and I’m losing my winter fuel allowance. I can’t get a loan as I have this so called ‘bad debt’ on my credit report . This is a very unfair way to treat a customer who didn’t even want to leave but was told to go. Vodafone need to look at how they treat customers."
"I would give it a zero star if possible. I have been a long time user of AT&T's wireless & internet service for years and paid all bills on time, and they made me go through hell just trying to cancel my service. They do not enable online cancels so I have to call customer support, and they do not list support numbers explicitly. Finally one of the numbers called me back, wouldn't honor my original date of cancel, and forced extra charges on me. I will never use their service ever again."
Joined. Told I'd get min 68mbs . Got for the first week. Dropped to 2mbs customer services are a joke. Told I'd have a get out fee. On account stated £76. Actual fee £191 + 26 Total £217. I would advise anyone thinking of joining Vodafone to think again. And another issue. If you want to speak to anyone. Be prepared to take a couple hours out your day.
"1. I placed an online order to trade in my existing iPhone 13 Pro Max and buy a new Apple iPhone 15 Pro Max.2. The order succeeded and I received an email to pick it up at the store.3. I visited the store and the representative in Fremont, CA told me that the order was not accessible and that she needed to cancel the existing order and create a new one.4. We go ahead and cancel my online trade-in order and create a new order in the store.5. While creating the order, the representative never asked me if it was going to be a trade-in, which ideally she should have? Anyway, the order goes through after waiting for 30 minutes and I walk out with a new phone. I am assuming I will receive a FedEx label to send my existing phone to At&T.6. 20-25 days pass and I do not receive any label or email confirmation. I call in to customer support to inquire about the shipping label. The agent tells me the order was cancelled for some reason and that he has created a new trade in request so I can walk in at any time and return the device.7. I walk in after a week (I am a new dad) and the lady at the store tells me that she cannot accept it since I was 1 day late. Advises me to call the trade-in customer support to request for an extension.8. Sitting outside the store, I call in the trade-in customer support and they suggest that it's not doable and that I should reach out to AT&T customer support.9. I call in the customer support and they tell me to get in touch with trade-in customer support since they cannot extend it anymore.Being late by 1 day and not getting to trade in my $1000 iPhone turned into a horrible experience. In addition, they have added protection plans without permission increasing my bill by at least $30/month. I have talked to them to remove them but still no update.Not sure what's going on with AT&T but their service is turning into a nightmare. I will switch to another carrier along with my family and friends the moment I have paid off the phone."
"I just don’t have service ever. I was in fl and moved to co and everywhere is a black zone, terrible customer service as well"
very bad exprience with T-mobile today..After being with t-mobile for over 15 years customer service was no help at all..I have always paid for insurance for my Samsung Galaxy phone warranty and since Assurance didnt have it in stock they made me take a very inferior phone called WingTech which gets horrible reviews…Regardless that i pay for a warrenty for Samsung they force you to take it or leave it…I will be looking into other carriers now and leaving T-mobile as soon as possible
"Absolutely rubbish, moved home ,supposed to supply Internet from 31st December, still waiting  spoken to 4 advisers,all rubbish can't even send an engineer to fix problem, but expect payment"
"I used the self-service option to request the porting of two numbers into Vodafone on the 13th and 14th of December. It has now been nearly a month, and the numbers have not been ported. To make matters worse, neither the original Vodafone numbers nor the ported-in numbers are working.I have attempted to resolve this issue through your online chat service, but the chatbot refuses to transfer me to a human agent. I have also called multiple times without success. This situation is unacceptable, and I am now considering reporting the matter to OFCOM.Vodafone has lost my numbers in the porting process, and they are now stuck somewhere in your system. This issue needs to be resolved immediately, as I will not tolerate any further delays.This matter needs to be prioritised and demand that a swift remedy is assured.Can someone respond to my complaint so that I can provide all the details to get this mess sorted.I made a big mistake choosomg to port into Vodafone. I now regret itI don't use Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, so please provide an email address to contact you."
I give it a zero the past 3 weeks My internet has been out more than it ran. They tell me there and outage evey time but I still have to pay my bill. WHAT EVER YOU DO DONT SIGN UP WITH THEM THERE SERVICE IS SO BAD. THERE DOWN MORE THEN THEY RUN BUT TYEY WANT YOU TO STILL PAY TOMORROW I AM GOING SOMEWHERE ELSE
"AT & T is a nightmare. It’s a catch 22 abyss with no resolution and the customer service when you try to resolve issues by calling 611, is hostile, inefficient and uncaring.  Trying to upgrade one of our cell lines. There is a glitch on the account that was placed there months ago . It happened when I attempted to upgrade by phone. Got a person in a foreign country. Almost through with upgrading. Call dropped. Called back . Call dropped again. Went to AT& T kiosk. They couldn’t resolve the issue. They told us to go Corporate store. We did that and they upgraded my phone . But after an hour the same thing happened as at the kiosk. They said there’s a block or note preventing you from upgrading the other line. We can’t help you. You will have to call 611. Total nightmare!"
"Had an awful experience with Vodafone customer services. If you eventually get to speak to a person instead of a robot you cannot understand a word of English they are trying to speak. Mainly they are rude, with the exception of a few and despite me trying to relay a problem with my broadband over 7 separate phone calls, nothing was ever communicated to Openreach. Needless to say I cancelled my account and want nothing more to do with Vodafone EVER!  Think twice before being enticed by their cheap deals because it will end up costing you your sanity."
"T-Mobile has been a hassle , I had gotten the high speed internet because the lady at the store said it would be $35 a month on my next bill it said I added a phone line and charged me $45 for the internet then I just paid my phone bill last month I had $26.25 left on my phone and I paid it and I looked on my account they never took that payment off so I'm again going to pay for a phone that should of been paid off last month."
"Unfortunately I don’t have the same experience as most people because I’m a 100% disabled veteran who was ran over twice by two different people, the second of which caused me to have a bone infection and had to have my left big toe surgically removed. During which time AT&T cut off my service. I don’t intend to ever use the company again and don’t recommend it to anyone else because they are not professional or patriotic in any way."
"One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a company. Purchased a new broadband service from them. They canceled the installation without telling us, I took a day away from working. Had several phone calls with them one lasting 57mins! They kept telling me that it was canceled because they couldn't transfer our number across. This we hadn't asked them to do and they even sent us a new number in the confirmation letter. I was offered £6.10 compensation for my wasted day off!"
"Paid £9.99 premium delivery for a specific day/date and time slot, only for this to fail and be refused a refund despite receiving the phone days later than I had paid extra for."
was with vodafone  for 6 days because they would not correct my last name they messed up they were only  wanting a 4 digit  security code from me  witch I could not remember .they did dot have the brains to check my form that I signed up with or my bank details  also my email address witch they had .so as I said only 6 days I had there router  and I took it to a vodafone shop in Aberdeen bon a cord centre .now I just got my bank statement with £28.oo taken out  by vodafone I returned there item with in the 14 day .rip off artists.
They are definitely liars. Promise you one thing and do something different. It's impossible to talk to an English person let alone a manager. You can't reason with these foreigners. Best you can do is file a complaint with the FCC and Better business.
"The company offer packages and lots of “amazing” deals. But if you accept or sign up for any of them you get charged for both, the deal offered and not having the deal as they always find an excuse or time that takes to activate. All not initially stated. Then £2 here, £3 there another month, then end of the year, how much extra charge from all people enrolled with them? Absolutely ridiculous what Vodafone is doing. Don’t go to Vodafone for deals. Coverage is horrible and you always over pay for everything."
"For the third time and the second within a year, my service was cut off for no reason except ATT did not refresh the connection in some way. I was driving around with no service for the day to only discover this when I returned home. As I said this is the third time this has happened. Called customer service on a second phone and after having to provide phone info and spending a long time on the phone the problem was fixed. No apologies for my inconvenience, just another day at ATT. Second, with prepaid service you cannot contact customer service other than by phone and texting. If you have no service and have only one phone, how do you do this? I tried to use the online chat service, but I was told they couldn't help me because I'm prepaid. This happened last year. I purchased a second phone at the time. I've been on ATT for around 20 years. No more."
"Vodafone - No, I won't communicate with your Social Media team.  That's what you did the last time to take it out of sight of the public and still the problem persists.  I want to speak with a management level human being who can get this fixed once and for all.  I said the same thing to the social media person who contacted me on X.  And the discussions will be put on TrustPilot so Vodafone actually deals with the issue and fixes it.--I thought we had this worked out.  But again - Vodafone cancelled FIVE attempts to top up my mobile number - using 2 different cards - online from my account and calling in to Customer Service.  Aside from the fact that the Customer Service Rep had no interest in listening to what I was saying - I WANT TO KNOW WHY VODAFONE IS NOT ACCEPTING MY PAYMENT.  There is no problem with money in either card.  I have been successfully paying ONLINE and via the SAME phone number for 3 months.  Now - out of the blue - the same problems again!  What IS the issue???  4 Days to get this sorted.  I have money left on the account and 13 GB of data on this account.  Contact me on the number."
Tried talking to customer service and am able to get anyone. Was talking to a Jay and he transferred me and no one ever came back on.  Very poor customer service I recommend do not sign up for the service as they do not stand behind anything once you sign up.  Impossible to speak with a human unless you go to a store hopefully you have 1 closer than 50 miles away.
"After almost 20 years of being a customer, I requested a one time exception to make a payment arrangement and was told “my account doesn’t qualify”. This occurred after being told I’ve never had any returned payments or other issues. No one was willing to assist and chalked it up to a random system selection that determines who can get an exception and who cannot. Additionally, Jose Z., a manager, was rude, unprofessional, misleading and hung up on me when I pointed out discrepancies in what he relayed to me. A company who has had so many issues and instability with protecting customer information should be more concerned and customer friendly. It’s time to change carriers!"
"Sold a Galaxy Watch when I have a moto phone.  They do not work together.  The watch when I am on my phone drops the calls.  I have been on the phone with customer service, tech support.  My only option is to buy a new phone that is Samsung.  This is crazy!!  Why are they selling the watch that does not work with my phone.  They then will not take the watch back."
"Stay away! I had tmobile for almost 10 years. At first they were good, over time the service (phone) has been awful for me everywhere. I even had to call multiple times to see what was going on. Was super patient, even tried out their internet. Which sucked in my area and I had to cancel it within 4 months. Anyways the service never improved so I finally left them! And ever since they’ve been treating me bad, I’ve called to pay off my remaining bill and no one helps me. Tried the chat same thing. I received a bill by mail that told me to pay online as a guest and their system won’t let me either. Overall bad phone and internet service and unfortunately bad customer service!! which is why they lost a great client with meCome to find out that they charged my card without my permission for the remaining balance on the phone and the $1 bill owed them for service. Horrible company! I’m appalled, this is illegal"
10 word minimum.I switched over to AT&T from metro.They promised me a free iPhone 15 pro.I've been charged $27 for 4 months now after l've already sent in my iPhone. The accredited themselves 60 more days to get the iPhone after they sent me a shipping label for the wrong address. Idk where they shipped my iPhone to and I'm still paying for a phone they told me was free. After confronting them 2 times they said they can't do anything for me. Once this is Done I will switch back
Worst customer service ever.  Our bill ended up being $60 more than they promised and our 1st bill was over $900 which is absurd. We had to file a complaint with the FTC to get this fixed.  Since then our bill has been slowly going up with no explanation and when you try to get someone on the phone you can't get past the automated system.  I absolutely hate this company and as soon as the contract is up I will switch and never go back.
Bill had been 55 a month for four years. Randomly increased to 130 and paid that on Nov 20. Suddenly received another bill for 130 stating if I don’t pay before the 9th then they’ll cut service. I scheduled three calls on the 8th with no call backs and they cut my service at midnight despite me checking my billing history and my bill isn’t due until Dec 20. Can’t get a hold of anyone until tomorrow night and it’s finals week and I have no internet. Honestly kind of ridiculous.
"T-MOBILE  isn't a the phone company you will want to us. While we used them we had nothing but issues and costumer service couldn't ever fix the problem. Once we canceled with them we found out they had been charging us for an additional line the whole time. It's now been 3 month after closing our account and they again took money from our account. We spoke to two different managers and one says we still owed money (which we dont) and the other says ""I see everything is paid in full and I'm not sure why we took another payment. We can reimburse you, however, it's going to take about 60 days.""We will never use T-MOBILE  again!"
"Le pongo 1 porque no hay 0.Mas de una hora en hold en el teléfono, oyendo musica y propagandas estupidas, que dicen que pida mas información el agente que no contesta.I give it a 1 because there is no 0.More than an hour on hold on the phone, listening to music and stupid commercials, telling me to ask for more information from the agent who doesn't answer."
"I had fiber for over a year, sales rep talked me into bundling phone for a discount and agreeing has been a huge regret. Received new phone and tried to activate on my own. When not capable called customer service and had them activate. After phones have been activated I saw a huge difference on a price than what sales rep. Talked earlier. I called customer service again and asked, Was told they couldn’t help me since a home rep sold me phones. sales rep would not talk to me, never answers the phone barely replies the text with no reliable answer even with begging and pleading for help, I visited a store, they told me the same as they could not help because they don’t know how the sales rep was able to manage to give me that price. I will call corporate office and see what solution I will be given but definitely will go out of this service even the fiber I had over a year. They may say can’t help because you trusted somebody we selected to fraud innocent people going around knocking the doors so we can make some money which we couldn’t by regular business. Nothing for the pain sweat and LITERAL TEARS of this terrible move."
"unacceptable in everyway $70 a month for complete trash that doesn't work. Too bad they are the only service provider in my area otherwise I'd never use this cancer of a company again, terrible service, terrible latency, overpriced, low speeds. I mean how can you have a company that does everything wrong. I'd rate negative stars if i could"
"Vodafone Scam AlertI've been using a Vodafone SIM and internet service for almost 4 years. Recently, I moved to a new area where their internet simply doesn't work. When I contacted them, they admitted there’s an issue and claimed they’re ""actively working on it.""I explained that I’m in a contract and requested a refund for the service I can’t use. Their response? ""We can’t do that.""Today, I received a call from a senior manager who suggested trying some steps to fix the issue and promised to call back if they didn’t work. As a ""solution,"" he offered me a £20 voucher to spend anywhere—completely ridiculous and unacceptable.Avoid Vodafone at all costs."
Had to call the help line 6+ times to get a fan pin number. They provided several different pin numbers that were incorrect and seemed to have no idea what they were doing.
try calling customer service wait hours then they hang up. dont dare ask to lower bill they said yes my next bill was double then took for ever to fix it.use anyone else they are horrible.
"I tried talking to vodafone, explaining to them that I need to be free from the contract because I changed my tenancy and since they cannot give me a good signal, I have to transfer to another network. I explained to them, I would not be transferring if they are able to give me a good signal. However they can only give my 1 bar signal and E for my internet. It is not in my control to have this signal, and if they cannot provide it, it is only fair that they let me go. They want me to pay a termination fee which I am not happy to accept since I am not the one who has control with the signal. They should take action. They change my sim to e sim but signal is the same. After repeated calls, I am still with vodafone. I am sufferring, depress and very frustrated. I work hard to earn my money, and I want to get the worth of my money, the service that they promise to provide. But, instead, a big company like vodafone will not process my request to end with them freely and continue to make me suffer. I am now isolated from contacting my family which is my only source of strength. I am been very sad and depress and might be thinking that maybe all bad things would happen to me eventually. I don’t understand why vodafone is so greedy and won’t let me go. This happened since 1st November and they have not taken action. They don’t care. They just want your money! I hope you are happy to waste my money. I hope you are happy to contribute further to my depression. I just hope whoever owns this company, this comes back to you a hundred fold. I hope you get so rich than you are now and still be unhappy!"
"My internet went out a couple of days ago.  I work during the day so all I really did was try to fix it myself. I called the number and I got the robot. It went through some testing that didn't work so I had to call back and it did some more testing which disconnected me and it didn't work either.  I called back this morning and the same thing..A ROBOT. Didn't work again. I called customer service and I opted for a call back tat never came.  I called back again and waited on hold for 45 min.  I got an Indian who I could barely understand but she was nice.  She did a couple more tests and said there was an outage in the area.  I looked at outages before I called and there wasn't any.  I work Monday thru Friday 30 miles away and I have to give 24 hr notice to be off. I can't just leave.I had to set it up for Tuesday.  I am without internet for 5 days.  Not only do they need to get more humans on the phone, they need to get people we can understand.  Have your repair people work on weekends for your customers..ATT sure knows how to take your money but the respect for their customers is nonexistent."
"I've been with At&t for over 15 years, my dad worked for them for almost 50 and I'm done! I feel scammed! I traded a paid for phone to them and now I'm stuck with a phone for 3 years! The non speaking English agent lied and said it was an even trade. I should own this phone! I'll never trust them again!"
"I absolutely hate my phone and service.  Unfortunately I'm stuck with it til I pay the phone off. I've had horrible service the entire time , and the phone is slow or freezes. Only time it works good is when it's on wifi . I plan on paying it off soon and leaving for good . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THERE SERVICE OR PHONES. I HATE IT ."
"They were good for a while, until my bill got over $300/month. Granted it was for devices for 4 people, but when I found a better deal they wouldn’t release the devices to port out and I ended up having to port out one by one which cost $60 total that I didn’t account for. Bad business practice."
Deceptive.  Offer rebates and promotions that they do not honor.  There’s a class action lawsuit dated 12/8/24 for this.  I hope I can join.  There’s a reason they have 1.5 stars across the board.
Either there is no one working for T-Mobile that knows the promotions or they are all liars. I recently upgraded to the iPhone 16 I was told I didn’t qualify for the free upgrade to the 16 pro in store then when I called they told me I did qualify and didn’t understand why I was told in store that I didn’t. Long story short I was told that my bill would definitely stay the same and wouldn’t change at all. That was a lie along with a credit that was issued it just disappeared along with my trade in amount for my old phone. I’ve been with them for 23 plus years I’ve always had several lines but with my recent experience I will be changing companies completely after the current phone that was supposed to be free is paid off.If there is a lawsuit against this issue with them I’d like to join in what they are doing to customers is not legal at all. PLEASE DONT USE T-MOBILE.
I have 3 contracts with Vodafone and have been a loyal customer for over 20yrs.But I'm getting to the point where I will likely move them all because I have now been without mobile data for 4 daysLast thing I received was a message saying I don't need to do anything it's being looked at... since then absolutely nothing!
Tmobile sucks and it keeps disconnecting don’t use tmobile if you want to have good connection
"Awful service. I've been with them since March time and found it to be by far the worst broadband I've ever had, despite it being advertised as the quickest.I've had outages, devices unable to connect to a wi-fi router less than two metres away and unhelpful staff who have tried to blame me for not running LAN cables throughout my house, or who have ignored requests to not phone and deal with issues over email instead.Avoid if you want reliable internet."
