text
"I got a internet service  from T mobile. Had it one day and then returned it with the labels they send me though a email for ups, 2 months later they are billing me 252.00 cause they think they dont have it, but they cant tell awfull  to deal with , plus 2 months they turn me into a credit collection,  and i owe them nothing , disgusting !!"
Purchased an upgrade on my phone through their online rep. The phone I wanted they did not have in the local store so I asked if they could ship it to the store and I pick it up there. I was told this would not be an issue so we completed the purchase and I paid taxes and activation fees. Received text and UPS tracking notification that the phone had arrived at the store and was ready for pickup. I get to the store location and was told they don’t have the phone but they can see the transaction on my account. My only option is to wait in limbo while they “do an investigation.” In the mean time the money I paid can’t be refunded and I can’t upgrade my phone or do anything until they complete their investigation. No one can tell me how long it will take or what their process involves. There is no one higher up I can speak with and nothing else they can do. I was told by the store sales person they usually don’t allow shipping to stores because this has happened before. If this is an issue why would it be an option at all. They know I don’t have the phone but someone signed for it at the store or a nearby business. Store claims the person who signed is not an employee there. I get the need to investigate but why hold me in limbo for who knows how long when they clearly know I don’t have the phone. Do better T-mobile!!
"Absolute worst customer service ever. I have spent hours on the phone with them, I have been transferred to multiple Indians, Pakistanis, and god knows what other nationalities to no avail. I am done dealing with those cretins and I will take my business somewhere else. I have been with them for over 10 years. I guess they really do not care for their customers. They convinced me to change my old service with the new Internet Air. Well, it does not work. They also refuse to send tech to install it because they say it is child play. Now they will not take back their new machine that does not work, while disconnecting my old one that was working just fine. I am left with no internet, and zero help from ATT. But I bet they will keep sending me bills. Oh well, Spectrum Internet, here I come. You just gained a new customer by default."
"Very poor connection, hub was in living room and cannot get decent connection to Bedrooms. Connections lost few times a day cannot properly WFH."
I bought a screen protector “for life” for $50. meaning - they said - if mine cracks I just stop by the store and get a brand new one for free.well mine cracked and I went to the store and they said they have no records of me buying it but if I want I should purchase it again so I can have it.so basically they’re telling me to pay twice for the same service. I went to different T-Mobile stores and they say the same thing.ABSOLUTE SCAM. DO NOT recommend.
The support they give is horrendous. All I want to do is connect a Dream Machine Pro to the ONT. I don't want to be locked into a rubbish router that I can't use for my network!! I would just stay away. I don't believe an actual network engineer works at this company.
"My wife and I have been customers of Vodafone for many years, but our recent experience has greatly undermined our trust and confidence in them . My wife had a contract for a mobile data device to which an 'entertainment package' for Spotify had been wrongly applied by Vodafone without her knowledge of consent. This is at the same time that Vodafone was also applying a fee for a Spotify to her mobile phone contract and to my mobile phone contract. She has complained but so far they have not apologised or refunded several hundred pounds for which we feel we have been overcharged. As Vodafone know, it is not possible to use Spotify via a mobile data device. Nor is it possible to have more that one Spotify account registered a single email address held by my wife. Whilst refusing to refund us, they do not seem to be able to prove that the entertainment contract was requested by us nor give any sensible account of why a single customer would have sought to pay for more that one Spotify account through different contracts.I no longer trust this company and trying to resolve this issue through their customer service team has been shambolic and disappointing."
"Tried to join on the web, page said a problem so I called, firstly the Indian woman didn’t understand and I got cut off! She rang back so fair play, not understood again so passed me through to the new team! John who sounds like he’s eaten half of Newark was much help as a chocolate fire guard!! Went to get a manager. I got cut off again!! No call back.  The funny thing is I’ve not even joined yet and they are useless and secondly I was a magnet there and left cause they were crap. No improvement and I think I’ll join sky or virgin"
"I recently ordered a Full fibre broadband from Vodafone. While ordering online, i was told that Vodafone will take care of the switching process and let Virgin media know that i am switching over to Vodafone. Immediatly after the order i got an email from the Virgin Media as well. After the installation, when i spoke to Virgin Media, they mentioned that Vodafone has not notified them of the installation date so they have not siwtched off the service.Vodafone said they can not notify virgin media since its a completly new line and not a take over of Virgin media line.Now i have to pay to Virgin Media for an another month to serve the cancellation notice.Vodafone has completly brushed off their responsibility of providing false information at the time of order and customer service representative after showing the snapshots of the order process stating that Vodafone will take care of switching process and notify Virgin Media said that i should have ordered by calling instead of ordering it through website as information on website may not be accurate."
"I being a geriatric customer and being totally disabled, have been treated with total disrespect from a phone company who has lied to me never explained any 55+ services.Disgusted. Have been a long time customer. Am not even able to read the phone due to my geriatric condition."
"Woefully incompetent  tech support mostly from India or China.  Can't understand barely a word they say.  Staff, while friendly are terribly incompetent.  Shipping of new simm card was aborted due to their error.  Advised me to go to local store for new simm.  Local store was better but didn't know how to transfer old number to new account.  I was told to call back their incompetent, online tech support which was just as clueless.  T-Mobile cannot afford competent staff."
"Order was placed on 12th September 2024 and installation was carried out by Cityfibre on 1st October 2024 and I am still without broadband on 4th October 2024. I have spoken to Dai at Vodafone today and have been told that my account has not been activated and will probably take another 3 days, despite Vodafone having already had 19 days in which to do this."
Atnt is the absolute worst! One manager told me one thing last week and today after holding on for 2 hours on the phone to speak with a managerthey changed their whole story I have had Atnt for over 12 years but no more! They gave me false information and changed my plan without informing me. I had no idea.#dontgetatnt
"I was disconnected three times before being able to complete my support request with a T-Mobile representative. I inquired about an additional T-Mobile line of service for a new SyncUp Tracker. I told the representative I was calling to find out what promotions were available. The representative said if I ordered a new line of service, I would receive a new SyncUp Tracker for free. She specifically and unequivocally assured me the device would not be part of any T-Mobile financing agreement. She asked for my credit card to pay the sales tax charge. I provided her with my credit card information. The T-Mobile agent said she would email me an e-signature to sign so she could ship out the device. When the e-signature form arrived, it carried a 24-month finance agreement. I was extremely suspicious and asked the representative to explain. The representative told me, in no uncertain terms, not to worry about it. The representative said the e-signature form was the only form T-Mobile had at the time. The T-Mobile agent said that once the device shipped, the agreement would be cancelled, and I would receive the device for free, without any financing and without having to stay with T-Mobile for 24 months. I signed the agreement, knowing I had the buyer's remorse period as protection. The agent gave me her personal guarantee that I would get a free tracker without the financing agreement. After my phone with the T-Mobile agent, I called T-Mobile and spoke with several representatives as well as a billing supervisor. Each T-Mobile representative said I entered into a financing agreement. None of the subsequent agents or supervisors I spoke with about this incident cared about the fact that a T-Mobile agent had defrauded me. All anyone from T-Mobile had to do was listen to the recorded conversation I had with the dishonorable T-Mobile agent, and it would be clear that the agent deliberately lied to me.I made multiple requests to have the representative I spoke with call me back. I never received a call."
"I want to share my recent experience with your customer service team when I called 08080034515.The first time I called, a woman answered and asked me to hold while she checked some information, but the call got disconnected. I waited for her to call back, but she didn’t.I called again, and this time a man picked up. Me as a non-native English speaker, I found his speech very fast and unclear. To make things worse, there was a lot of background noise—people laughing and chatting—which didn’t sound professional at all. When I couldn’t understand what he said, I asked him to repeat it, but he still spoke quickly. then I asked if he could slow down, and he sighed loudly, which felt very rude. whats your problem?I told him that if he didn’t want to help me, he could ask another colleague to take over. Instead, he left me on the line without saying anything, and I could still hear the noisy background. When I tried asking if he was there, he didn’t respond. After a while, I was suddenly put on hold with music playing.I had my recording with this!  do you want to hear how you treat your customers like that? This is truly the first time I have encountered such service even in other countries or other customer services,  with absolutely no basic respect at all.Is this how your company treats customers? I’ve always had a good impression of Vodafone—the staff in stores and the online chat team have been polite and helpful—but this was a terrible experience. I can’t imagine how an elderly customer or someone else who isn’t fluent in English would feel in this situation. It’s not unreasonable to ask someone to speak more clearly or repeat themselves when the background is noisy.Thankfully, my third call was a completely different experience. A different woman answered, and she was so patient and polite. She spoke clearly, and there was no background noise at all. She listened carefully and helped me solve my problem. I really appreciate her professionalism and effort. If every customer service agent were like her, this company would be so much better.I hope you take this feedback seriously. Bad service like the second call can drive loyal customers away, but good service like the third call makes people want to stay.Thank you."
"Consistently poor Internet. Drops out frequently, ATTs own speed test shows they are delivering 20% of the promised speed. Spoke with their ""support"" group multiple times and they are rude, refused to escalate and last time put me on hold for 34 minutes and came back to say they'd call back. That was 2 weeks ago and no call. I'd switch to any other provider, but att is the only option on our road. If you have ANY other options use them."
"In November 2023, I ordered broadband, received the kit, booked an installation date, and then... nothing. No contact from the provider on the scheduled Friday. I called them on Monday, only to be told my order had been canceled because they couldn't actually provide broadband in my area. I filed a complaint, but it didn’t get resolved.Then in April 2024, I received an email about possible compensation. After spending hours in chat, I was told I wasn’t eligible for compensation after all. Later, I was informed I could claim compensation, but only for a few days. They blamed it on an automated system sending out emails indiscriminately. Here’s the kicker: I was marked as an inactive user at the time, so either someone made a mistake, or the system has serious issues (Skynet vibes?).The irony? My neighbor in the terraced house next door has no problem ordering broadband, but every time I check for mine, it’s unavailable. After spending two more hours in chat, bouncing between departments, I got nowhere. My next step is OFCOM—at this point, Vodafone owes me around £2,000 in compensation."
"Left us 7 days without broadband, and provided around 200mbs of speed while we are paying for 900mbs !!!The customer service we engaged with after installation kept lying to us about what will happen and that someone is working on the issue, instead it became apparent that they were simply hoping it will resolve itself.We first waited the 24 hours for internet to switch on. nothing. then 1st call they told us actually its 48 hours. nothing. 2nd call ok they tried something to fix it we need to wait another 24hours. nothing. then 3rd call same just give it couple hours. I persisted kept asking for update. nothing day 5 I started recording their conversations and said I would publish this to show people how rubbish they are. I even called the cityfibre who installed it. first got some headway with them they told me the status of the line, that its not them because the connection to the home is valid, but the Vodafone have not ACTIVATED it. its the router basically. Vodafone denied it. when threatened with recording and more they still persisted I have to wait and wait and wait. keep resetting router each time. nothing new. finally after a week of waiting the internet finally came on.We were some tired from that ordeal that we did not want to go to someone else, but now after 9 months of experience we should have. Internet is on 95% of the time, but sometimes randomly resets. looses connection despite router being on. this is annoying as I work from home and can be on a call with someone or you are watching a movie and it just cuts off have to wait 5 minutes for it to come back.Last straw was when I checked the speed just now. I was checking it few times throughout the 9 months and it was NEVER higher than 400mbs where they promised 450mbs minimum and the speed actually  should be 900mbs. today it was 180 - 220 mbs.My ping in games is 40 at best, usually 60. that is appalling level of broadband. I had better ping when had 15 mbs broadband 15 years ago.I am connecting to the router directly with fibre internet cable to my PC. so the measurement is as close to the broadband speed as can be."
"I switched my phones in October 2023 and they offered me  a new plan (expensive of course) promising pay more on trade in, however they didn't gave the the credits yet. Every month I have been on chat to try solve the problem....and the bad part, the plan (5G Go) is the same than last one (magenta), just more exepensive"
"Been without wifi for over a week now since the date to fix my wifi keeps getting pushed back, first to last Saturday, then to Sunday, then to Monday, then to Thursday, then to yesterday, and now to next week's Wednesday. Frick att, they don't wanna fix my fricking problem"
"Okay, going to take a moment to vent and to save anyone else the grief.  First of all I have ATT as my wireless provider and my internet provider.  Well, a couple months ago we were having issues with our phones and we took them to the ATT Store in Valpo.  They were awesome.  They fixed her phone and found us some ""savings"" on our account.  I haven't really seen much of that but that's not the point.  They also convinced us to with to switch to their internet air by offering a considerable discount.  While I wasn't thrilled to switch to internet by air for my home internet, they had a trial period and the discount was substantial enough to make me try it.  Well, the end of the trial came and the service was, in a word, eh, but just as good as what I had so with the promised discount, I determined worth it.  Well, one month went by and the discounted rate was not applied.  Two months, three months, still nothing.  Finally I called to ask where the discounted rate was.  After about 20 minutes, the apologized and stated that the discount did not apply since we were already an ATT internet customer.  I explained and asked why did they think I would switch if the discount didn't apply since I had their service already?  After about 20 minutes I was promised that they would honor the agreement made in store and apply the discount retroactive......Problem solved, right?  Nope.  Two months later still no discount.  I call again.  Same story, no discount since I was a current customer.  Again, I asked why would I have switched then if I wasn't promised a discount.  Surprisingly they had no answer.  This time however, after waiting 30 minutes on hold, I was told that I need to go back to the store and talk to them but they will not be giving me a discount on that service. So basically ATT lied to me twice.  I informed them that I will not be returning to the store.  I will be taking my overpriced wireless accounts and my home internet to another provider so the only contact they will get from me is how to return this egg.  So, the moral of the story.  If you have ATT, be aware they do not care about their customers and if you don't, LOOK ELSEWHERE.  Their service isn't that great and their company is a bunch of liars that will say anything to get you off the phone.  Oh, and I have been on a waiting list for well over a year for Fiber interned and still no closer.  Good thing at this point."
"Chose to switch to Vodafone from BT. Fibre broadband provided by City Fibre. Initial date was 16th Dec 2024. There was an issue with installing the fibre from my home to the cabinet due to a ducting fault outside my home. City Fibre (I have a separate review from them) said the fault would be fixed in a day or so. Didn't happen and when I contacted, I was told by City Fibre the date would be 7th Jan. Vodafone were aware of this via City Fibre but omitted to inform me. City Fibre although not a customer facing organisation did in fact provide me with this information via a real person - not Vodafone's extremely poor TOBi thing :(On 7th Jan, nothing had happened and I contacted City Fibre again to be told the new date was 10th Feb. Again Vodafone knew but simply didn't let me know. I wrote a negative review of City Fibre and they came today (16th Jan 2025) and seemed to have resolved the issue.Later today I received a message from BT that my service would be stopping. The Vodafone router still had not synced and had no internet. So I'm in a position where I could lose my working BT Broadband and have no Vodafone Broadband. Remarkably bad. Why turn off a working system when the replacement has not been verified. BT dropped this evening at 10pm, but a reboot seems to have brought it back for now - I'm using it to write this.So this ""One touch switch"" is worse than doing it yourself as at least that way you know you won't be without an important broadband connection.Oh, to use TOBi effectively, you need a PIN. You can't set the pin unless you activate your online account, which you can't do if the service isn't live. I'd love to see the test plan for that feature set. At least today, the third time I spoke to an adviser, I was told that they could set a PIN for me. Third time lucky.I look forward to Vodafone's response :)"
"I have never in my life experience such shotty service.  Our phone service is constantly going down, speed is representative of dial up, phone goes into SOS mode constantly.  Tried calling tech support and they just try to sell you more services.  I can't wait to switch!"
"Well, vodafone.Order phone pay upfront charges.Get to the store to pick up the phone after receiving an email to do so.Store doesn't have the phone. Ok, no issues. I'll wait a few days.. but no.. sorry you have to cancel the contract and do it again. Are you having a laugh. That is going to affect my credit score!Two hours later, iv offer to get it sent to me or wait or even go to another store, but they refused to help me at all.That's fine. we have 4 contracts all up for renewal. I guess we won't be using vodafone after their joke of service.Literally, everything we ask for with help right down to seeing if they would check stock in another store they would even do. Wouldn't give me a number for customer service. Literally couldn't care less. Didn't even get an apology. Sorry, it goes a long way! But not to them clearly.Walked down the road to ee. Got phone in 2 mins flat.New life long customers for them.Didn't want to do another search, but since they gave me no choice, I won't be using that search to give them money."
"T-mobile deserves zero stars. This is a very expensive service that cannot back up the high prices with not even mediocre service. I consistently had a single bar, the spinning wheel of death, a minimum of 40 minutes wait time and up to 4.5 hours on hold with customer service. The promise to buy your phone is ONLY on paper. You actually get nothing for a trade in. I was also promised $150 in Sam’s club gift cards. I never saw them. I had to pay $700 to purchase my phone so I could get a better carrier for more than 1/2 the cost and far superior service. AVOID TMOBILE!!!!"
"i have been with AT&T for 20 years. I went in to our local store to upgrade, I was shocked when my bill finally posted. I told the sales person in the store that I did not want the protection plan. It was on my bill along with the AT&T next up. I couldnt get through on the phone so I chatted with a rep. who said if its been under 2 weeks, I need to go back into the store. I did and local store said the protection plan and Next up are automatically added. To cancel you have to go online through the app. which still leaves me oweing the fees. I am furiuos. Not only did theyput the charges on my bill, the local salesperson never said anything about it to me."
So I got behind on my bill. Paid 288 less than 2 weeks ago. Was going to pay 288 again in a few days (when I get paid). Billing cycle doesn't end until the 7th and today is the 1st. They shut off service and say I gotta pay 63 to restore service....customer service is a joke. Looking at switching carriers as I write this. DONE WITH T MOBILES LIES
"Don't get involved in AT&T.international conversation, they charged 125 dollars, then we canceled it, they issued an invoice of about 500 dollars without any evidence, in short, they bring your money to the game and take it from your pocket, international conversation is free in other operators, so stay away from ATT"
"My phone's screen broke and I ordered a new one from Vodafone on January 4th,2025. I received an e-mail with Delivery date:Delivery on Tuesday, January 7th, 2025, between 8am-6pmIt hasn't been delivered. excatly hasn't been despatched (January 10th,2025)I have contacted with an adviser on web site chat and said to me that your order already despatched and will be delivered today.There is no any delivery, any despatch. There is no any notice about delay.Shopping from Vodafone is a complete regret.If I bought it from Amazon on the 4th, it would be delivered on the 5th.I don't recommend anyone to shop from Vodafone"
"the worst provider ever, I have switched from virgin media to vodafone and despite me receiving the email about the sitching and activation date,they did not bother to even conact virgin media about the switch and they installed a new braodband for me today. now i have two broadbands at home because vodafone did not do their job properly and I have to  go through so much hassel and costs to sort their rubbish job out."
"Dreadful customer service. I am moving house and do not have a date confirmed, so I contacted Vodafone and explained that I only know a rough time which is a few weeks, the agent said this is fine as I can book a slot for 2 weeks, and then simply call to delay it for as long as I'd like until I get a date confirmed so that I do not go without internet, sounded good, so firstly they set it up for the wrong address, so I spent another hour on chat changing that, then I was told an engineer is needed, then they told me no engineer needed, they finally got the right address and it was booked to go live on the 19th, still no move in date so I go to chat to delay it, another hour on chat constantly repeating my full name and account number over and over, only to be told that as its a migration, the date cannot be amended, so I was lied to from the start just to keep me as a customer. Very dishonest company and agents who have zero clue what they are talking about."
"signed up for home internet never worked properly. (spotty at best) Contacted them 4 separate times, no better. wanted to cancel had to complete billing cycle. charged for somthing that never worked as promised."
I went into the store and was standing there for a good 10 mins whilst the sales assistant watched me obviously aware that I needed help eventually he asked me what I needed help with I said I'm interested in this pay as you go phone he said we don't have any of the pay as you go phones without even checking to see why put about 20 pay as you go phones on display if your out of stock and don't have them  it's a waste of time for the customer it's not rocket science to remove them from display if there not in stock available for sale.
Day 7 of problems with mobile phone signal in the Kendal area. It's almost impossible to make/receive calls or texts. Had the exact same problem a few months ago for 5 days.
"Dear Vodafone and CityFibre,My name is Ramazan K****, and I subscribed to Vodafone's ""Full Fibre 910 Mbps"" plan on November 6, 2024.I was informed via SMS, email, and phone calls that an engineer from CityFibre would visit my property on November 22, 2024, to install and activate the internet connection. On the scheduled date, two engineers from CityFibre arrived, but they encountered a blockage in the underground duct running from the internet distribution box on the corner of a nearby street to the front of my house. As a result, they could not pass the fiber cable through. They assured me that a team would return within a week to resolve the issue.Since then, both Vodafone and CityFibre—who were very attentive and communicative up until that point—have seemingly disappeared. Despite contacting customer services via phone and written communication, and even reaching out on social media, my issue remains unresolved.I want to stress that no one has come to address the issue since November 22. Please refrain from saying, ""Our team has looked into this,"" unless there is concrete evidence of action.I work from home, and this delay has caused significant disruptions to my professional life. If this issue can be resolved, I urge you to take immediate steps to fix it. I also request a clear, concrete explanation regarding the situation.If this problem cannot be resolved, please inform me transparently so I can cancel my subscription and explore other options.Thank you !"
"AT&T definitely has a customer service issue.  I notified AT&T before I moved out of my apartment to have service cancelled.  They told me at the time that I had to turn in the modem.  I told them at that time, and several times after that, that I didn't have a modem. I told them there was a big built in box with a door in my closet and that the modem must be built in.  I had always lived in a house and knew where my modem was located. I talked to them several times before I moved about the modem, and no one ever told me that the modem was in the box.  I found out from apartment management that there was indeed a modem in the box, but this was after I moved 6 hours away.  I explained the situation to AT&T and asked if someone could pick it up, and they said no.  People are moving in and out of the huge apartment complex all the time and most use AT&T, so someone could have picked the modem up.  Now three months later, they say I owe $150, didn't offer me a way to pay in installments, and turned it over to collections.  One of those times I spoke to them before I moved 6 hrs. away, someone should have told me where the modem was located.  They just don't care!"
Avoid ATT. They have zero service support. You will only get frustrated with recordings that go around in circle. My account was locked out on weekend and ATT would only answer the phone on business hours Monday -Friday!
"Mobile wifi does not work consistently and cuts out intermittently during the day. I've tried multiple times to cancel this and I'm told the fee will be £400+. It is just unbelievable I am stuck with this, and unable to buy fast reliable internet with another provided as I'm tied into this contract. I can't afford another monthly fee on top of this one. My partner works from home, and has cut out of many online video calls. It is embarrassing and she is now worried about her job security for this reason now."
"WORST EVER!! Tech has been out 4 times, problem not fixed. Tech called today and said his supervisor told him not to do anything,  that they could not fix the problem with my fixed wireless internet. That's it, no remedy, no option...nothing! Canceled my account. Been without internet service for 3 weeks, this is the worst company I've ever dealt with. Will never do business with them again."
"Awful, they offered me an upgrade to super fast fibre broadband at no extra charge and stupidly i took the bait- The connection dr0ps out at least 10 times a day, i now  cant work from home or stream apps on my tv due to the awful connection issues. For four months ive called them and they have asked me to do a range of tasks and if anything the issue has got worse- in the midst of cancelling my contract and claiming compensation but they keep delaying by asking me to do tedious tasks  like swap out the Cables and move your router so its in the middle of your room- yawn/!!  dealing with customer services is just as bad as they ask me the same questions every time i call as they don't seem to be able to pull the data from previous calls...exasperated is what i am."
"If you want the too long don't want to read.  Do not use T Mobile.  They are a terrible company.  Pay the extra 10-15 a month per line for a real telecom provider.T Mobile as a company is simply not in compliane with Federal Trade Communication guidelines and generally does not adhear to business practices set by the local Chambers of Commerce for each and every region within the United States they operate.I decided to try out the service, it bare functioned.  The modem died, I tried to get it repaired.  They added to much friction to that process and actively refused to repair the T Mobile 5G modem.  Come today.  I have a $500 USD bill for services not rendered as they were keeping the account running for what appears to be 6 months even though it's a month to month contract (auto renew without consent is against several FTC guidelines and policies).  They made it very difficult if not impossible to cancel my account.  They've designed so that you have to call them and they spend 30 minutes trying to keep you as a customer.  I'm sure I cancelled the account in the past but here it is.I called today to see if they could make it right.  They made course of action except to pay the debt collection agency.  Their service was sub par and quite frankly it was a terrible experience overall.  If you operate an Authorized T-Mobile reseller or repair center.  Quite frankly I would find a more honest company.  The negative karma you're generating working for T-Mobile will come back to haunt you.A final note.  To any open source projects such as OpenStack or any other project managed by the CNCF or OpenInfra Foundation.  Please do not accept code commits from a company which does not operate ethically and within the guidelines of what I believe are pretty normal business practices.  Their customer service personal are trained to ""handle"" customers, they are not trained to resolve issues."
I ordered full fibre to the premises on 6th November. My install date was yesterday 27th November. Having had my old copper calling removed and all the necessary fibre installed. I was told that the Openreach connection on the pole outside hadn't been activated . Having spoken to Vodafone they are telling me the earliest Openreach can look at this is the 5th December. I now have no phone line or broadband. Despite informing Vodafone I have a daughter who has a disability and it is essential I am able to contact her. They said there is nothing they can do. My mobile phone does not work from my home 90 % of the time. So I don't  really know what to do. I did ask Vodafone if they could supply a dongle but they said no. Given I was bombarded with text messages regarding the installation I would have thought Vodafone would have checked there was a viable connection in place.Order number: WEB-0001000041337817Messaged Vodafone as requested.Nothing they can do.
"We had T-Mobile internet service for 19 months.  The T-Mobile service at the beginning was pretty good, with the service freezing needing a restart only about once a week. However, the towards the end in August of 2023, the gateway(modem) needed to be restarted several times a day in order to function. Around the same time T-Mobile removed the $5 discount for auto pay if you were using a credit card. Something they had allowed for over a year. On Aug 23rd we ordered Xfinity. The Xfinity gateway would be delivered in several days. On Aug 24th, 2023 I called customer service and told them I wished to cancel. However, customer service said I needed to try a new gateway first to see if that would correct the problem. I figured I would compare them both. T-Mobile sent a replacement quickly, but it did not do much better with Mbps download of 44.  The Xfinity gateway came a few days later with Mbps in the 400's for downloads without any problems. I canceled T-Mobile service on Sept 2, 23 through their customer service. When canceling they requested the 6 digit number that I gave them when I signed up 19 months earlier.  I gave them the number I had written down in my T-Mobile file. The customer service rep said it was the wrong number. I said that is the one I uses. They said it was imperative that I give them the 6-digit code.  I asked if they could use my soc sec number or email me a reset and they said no. They said that I would have to physically go to a T-Mobile store and request my 6-digit number after they verified my identity.  I drove to the nearest store located at 2024 IL-50 Ste A1, Bourbonnais IL 60914 and spoke with a rep named Michael.  He said he could not give me the 6-digit number and told me to call customer service back and tell them so. I went home and called and told them what he said, and they said okay and that they would email a return label for the gateway.  I received the email with the label on September 2nd, 2023 and returned the gateway to UPS. T-Mobile received the gateway on Sept 11 23.  I received a letter stating that ""They received the gateway, and no further action is needed on your part."" Then on Sept 19, 23 T-Mobile collected an auto pay of $55 from my credit card on file.  I called my credit card to dispute the charge.  T-Mobile sent me a new bill asking for the $55, plus $25 for a chargeback, Plus the next months $55 for a total of $135.  I called customer service on Oct 7, 23, and they said I needed to go to an actual store because they could not help me again because of the 6-digit pin saying the one I gave them was incorrect. I went to the store in Bradley Il and they told me that the account had never been canceled, even though customer service sent the return label and had received the gateway. The store contacted T-mobile customer service from their store and eventually a very rude corporate manager named Patrick said that they insisted I pay the full $135.  I explained I had cancelled the service on Sept 2, 23 and returned the gateway.  He said it was T-Mobiles' policy to have you also physically come to the store to cancel and that it wasn't officially canceled until that day which was over a month later. I told him I physically went to the T-Mobile store but Michael would not give me the pin.  He scolded me saying I should have used the phrase ""I wish to have you cancel my account"" I explained that I had already done that with customer service rep on the phone and that I had told Michael that I needed the pin number for them to cancel it. Patrick from Corporate says that I am repeating myself and it was my fault for not saying that I wanted Michael to cancel the account.  He then said that he would offer me a one-time deal that he would forgive the last months charge and that he was being very gracious in doing so.  I again told him I didn't even have a gateway to use the service and that T-Mobile had it after sending me the return email and label. He again said it was never fully canceled to their satisfaction whatever that means.  We went round and round until I said I would pay $55 for the month I disputed even though I had canceled the service just to end the madness. He said he also insisted on the $25. I said no and that I wanted to only pay $55 only on that day.  He said it would cost an additional $10 to have an operator take my payment.  I asked if I could do it online without a charge and he said yes but it would not give me a confirmation.  Because he was not helpful at all we ended the call.  I went home and paid $55 online and still received a confirmation number. It seemed that Patrick was trying to squeeze even more money from me. The amount of time and effort I have put into resolving this is ridicules. There appears to be no training for customer service either at the store level or at corporate.Update 10/15/23  T-Mobile reached out and we reached a mutual understanding."
"I am writing to formally raise a complaint about the exceptionally poor service I have received, particularly from the Milton Keynes branch, as a loyal Vodafone customer of 10 years. The series of issues I have faced over the past several months has been incredibly frustrating, time-consuming, and ultimately unresolved.I initially began experiencing service issues in August 2024, when I had no access to my phone for two weeks. Due to work commitments in a different city, I was unable to address the issue immediately. Upon returning, I visited the MK branch, where I was told that the problem was caused by an old SIM card. However, despite the fact that the account is in my name and the phone belongs to me, I was informed that no action could be taken because my father pays for the service. My father, who is 68 years old and suffers from dementia, Parkinson’s, and poor mobility, is unable to leave the house easily. Even after explaining this, the staff at the MK branch offered no apology or assistance, and I was sent away without a resolution.The following week, I had no choice but to bring my father into the store in a wheelchair to update the account and receive a new SIM card, which should have been done in the first place. This issue was somewhat resolved for a short period, but in December 2024, my service dropped once again, this time for a more extended period.On December 28, 2024, my service dropped again and did not return. I returned to the MK branch, where I was told that the issue was hardware-related, not the SIM card. I was assured by both Sunny and another store manager that I would not incur any charges for repairs, and it was suggested that I return in the new year to send off the phone for repairs, as this would be quicker.I returned on January 7, 2025, to send the phone off for repair. I was assisted by Avril, who seemed unsure of the process and stated that she ""wasn’t very good at this."" After some assistance from the store manager, I was informed that my warranty had expired just a week prior to my visit. I inquired if there was any possibility of disputing the repair charges, as I had previously visited the store within my warranty period, and was assured by Sunny that everything would be handled, and I should not worry. However, the interaction felt rushed and dismissive, especially as the store was nearing closing time.On January 17, 2025, I received my phone back in the mail, still broken, along with a letter stating that the repair could not be completed due to the warranty expiry. The letter also mentioned that they had attempted to contact me, but I have not received any emails or messages regarding this matter. This is entirely unacceptable. I am now left without a working phone and still being billed for the service.I am deeply dissatisfied with the entire process, the lack of communication, and the ongoing inconvenience this has caused. I have invested a significant amount of time visiting the store, engaging in live chats, and speaking on the phone, only to be left with no resolution and no confidence in the repair process. I was assured multiple times that this issue would be resolved, but I am now at square one, with no solution in sight.As part of the resolution to this matter, I would appreciate a full refund for the two-week period in August 2024 when I had no access to my phone, as was initially promised. Additionally, I request that this issue be escalated to ensure a proper resolution, including repair or replacement of my phone at no cost, given the ongoing nature of the problem and the significant delays caused by Vodafone's lack of communication and support.Please consider this letter a formal complaint. If this matter is not resolved promptly, I will be forced to take further action, including escalating the complaint to the relevant regulatory bodies. Should this issue be resolved, please be assured that I will be discontinuing my relationship with Vodafone after 10 years of service.I look forward to your prompt response.Sincerely,Chloe MayockAnthony Mayock"
"ATT does not care for their customers at all, they LITERALLY ALLOWED SOME RANDOM PERSON ADD LINES TO MY ACCOUNT AND WHEN REPORTED AND I FILED A POLICE REPORT I WAS TOLD OH WELL WE CAN HELP YOU PAU $1,000 or WE SEND YOU TO COLLECTIONS!!!! I HAVE BEEN WITH THEM FOR NEARLY 18years AND THEY ARE SHOWING THEY DO NOT CARE FOR THEIR LOYAL CUSTOMERS AT ALL!!!!!!"
Feel Rubbish Friday...Feel good Friday was such a huge reward for being a customer and something to look forward too.The fact it was removed without any notification or announcement with customer service reps being withdrawn and cagey on social media shows how little Vodafone care.Such a shame.
"Appallingly incompetent customer service.  Have a business account plus opened a personal account, and was too difficult -- over 45mins on the phone...! -- to port a number within their own network.  For a while they tried to claim they couldn't even see the business number.  Then, after being transferred between at least 3-4 different people, the call disconnected."
"If I could give less than 1 I would believe me! This network are financial bullies. I currently have a open financial abuse case against Vodafone. They have made up 6 different direct debits for one contract phone. Charging me almost £250 per month. So I stopped paying all 6 and just paid my monthly bill via the app. Now I'm getting letters threatening me with Debt collectors and they have sent the same ""owed"" balance to 2 separate collection agencies. To which I have paid one when I have been informed by my solicitor I don't have to pay any other than the one stated in my Billing section of my app as that is the only legally binding payment I need to make to cover my mobile contract bill. The amount of letters, emails and calls I get daily, would push even the strongest to become suicidal imo. Steer well clear of their new contract payment design as they dint inform you at the start that you'll have 2-6 separate DD.."
"Be prepared to wait up to 3 hours to get someone on the phone, and then when they help you they will nicely SELL you an outdated phone or their Air internet service that looks like a toy and cannot be setup with customer support only available during business hours. Good luck with tech support. Don't get suckered into their selling tactics. I am on the phone now waiting again. The worst customer service."
Was at target a guy came up offered a good deal 70 bucks a month for 1phone 15 was already on alert phone came first month bill said 170 bucks a month lol sent that junk phone back to them 3 world country dip ish  you can’t get anyone who speaks English just some dumb foreigners sent the phone back waiting been over a week want my 70 bucks back let’s see if I can get that or they probably stole it for a bag of dirty ish rice loser ass company staying with T Mobil
IF THERE WAS A 0 START THATS WHAT I WOULD GIVE THEY ARE THE WORST I HAVE EVER HAD
"I have been a Vodafone mobile and broadband customer for a couple of years and it has worked out ok. Vodafone has a separate app for broadband which enables customers to manage their home broadband from their mobile device and then an app for the other services (mobile, mobile broadband) for account management. When I renewed my mobile phone subscription with them, they amalgamated my billing. What seems to have happened is that they then disassociated the broadband from the main account (although they still bill me for it). When I tried to find answers online, their chatbot wasn't working and the answers in the community forum with any useful information had all been deleted by Vodafone. These are literally the only way that you can get in contact with Vodafone through the Vodafone website or app. I ended up trawling through social media to try to find an account of theirs and found one on Twitter (X) - on that, there is a message for Vodafone UK saying that you can direct message them for help . They have literally disabled their website and are relying on a third party social media platform to run their help desk, for those customers who haven't lost the will to live by the time they reach it. The help function they run via X is on a turn based system, so someone responds to you and then you don't hear anything for minutes at a time as they help other people. It's the most inefficient and ineffectual help system I've ever come across, and I used to be a BT customer so I've experienced some pretty terrible helpdesks. It's unbelievable."
Three weeks after taking a contact with Vodafone I am still waiting for Vodafone to supply the phone to me.Apparently they can not provide a date for supplying it.A bad decision choosing Vodafone.I now want my £50 upfront fee back.As I'm paying for a phone I can't use perhaps trading standards should get involved.Oh look. Vodafone just replied with the exact same reply as three weeks ago.Probably not written by a real person. Just AI standard response.Pathetic really.
"Been with Vodafone for well over 20yrs , I cancelled amazon prime but they still charged me  for it spoke yesterday with customer  service waste of time . They were not interested, can't wait for my contract to finish , cos I will be gone ."
"With what was a good company has turned into a horrible one.  Five agents and five issues later, nothing has been resolved.  Having one agent ignore this customers plight and decide to place him back in line, really says it all.  No thank you, onto their competitor."
"Att made promises (Nick Schwartz) that if I signed up for phone and internet I would get a $20 discount on my bill. We'll after 6 months and 4 phone calls to him each month after the first two not being discounted he tells me I waited to long to contact him and now there's nothing he can do but I should call support and ask if there's anything they can do.  Called support and was told that promotion no longer exists but they can give me $15 off a month from that date forward and they would issue a (6/18/2024) $100 reward card to compensate me for the extra $120 charges on my past 6 bills. Meanwhile I also have a claimed $50 reward card supposedly in the works for my internet service rewards. Then received email that it was mailed july,4 2024. So today is 8/29/24 and I call to ask what is going on with the rewards cards supposedly being mailed and was told even though I never received $50 rewards card they would not issue a new one and that my $100 rewards card should be able to be claimed 8 weeks after approval and that that was still 2 weeks away.  Now my math skills are pretty decent so I replied 6/18 - 8/29 is around 10 weeks.  Then the person I was speaking with really tried to sales pitch me to upgrade my phone and add a line for $45 more a month. Needless to say I told her she was really missing me off now and I would start shopping for a new service provider for my phone and internet."
"So a representative changed my due date with out my authorization and caused a short bill to be generated for 79 dollars, from this they added it to my normal bill of 200 dollars and are now saying I owe $279. I spoke with CJ a manager at tmobile customer service and he said sorry that happened even though we did this without your permission we aren't able to do anything or waive the mistaken bill. That is crazy they won't even fix a mistake they caused."
"Promises were made by one of their phone ""Advisors"" and broken as soon as we got of the phoneIn my case and my opinion I would say shady business practices."
"Multiple salespeople tell you that the first two weeks are a free trial period and that you won't be charged anything if you cancel within this period. That proved untrue.Since the access speed was extremely slow, I had to cancel it within a week of activation, and the rep confirmed that I wouldn't be charged anything. I immediately sent back the device. However, after two weeks of cancellation, I received bills asking me to pay a monthly fee plus one-time charge. T-Mobile is now on my blacklist."
They are slow and have no idea what they’re doing. They are also expensive
Scammed by Tmobile. They don't honor their promos or their trade in offers then they charge to call customer service where they make false promises and never fix problems.
"We are currently on a cruise around Iceland. Two days ago, we received a text and email from AT&T stating:“Your international and domestic data service has been suspended. This action was taken in an effort to prevent a costly bill for international data charges.Please call us at +1.314.925.6925 (24/7, a free call from your AT&T wireless phone) to review your current charges, make payment arrangements, and quickly restore your data service.Thank you for choosing AT&T.”We have attempted to contact numerous times with no luck. We either talk with a bot that doesn’t understand our questions, get caught up in a call loop as the numeric pad selections are not recognized, or simply hung up on. AllThis plus we get to pay $500+ for this “service.”So pathetic and frustrating. Avoid!!"
Very unhappy with the customer service I have receivedI ran out of data and bought 1 GB to tide me over on my trip to London with my young childI noticed I had 2 charges on the bill - i rang and asked for the charge to be removed for the extra data and advisor removed the data I had boughtI then explained I wanted the data I had bought but I didn’t want the future charge for data and the advisor refused to put back the data back on as said I had asked for it to be removed which wasn’t the caseCommon sense surely would be for the advisor to question why I would ring up one day and agree to pays for an extra G of data to then ring back the next day and ask for it be removed 😡I spoke with a manager called Jacob and he again refused to put the date I had paid for back on and said if he did they would charge me againLeaving me in London with no data to get the maps working with a young child
Thanks for the data breach and the prices that keep going up! I can’t wait to switch providers.
"Shambles of a company!I contacted Vodafone on their drive for getting full fibre broadband business.   They checked to see if my postcode and address were compatible and offered a great deal that I couldn’t refuse.  They said they would contact my current provider (BT) to cancel and all I had to do was wait 3 weeks for the arranged date.  A week later the router arrived, no problem.  Next week I got a text to tell me that they couldn’t get hold of BT to cancel so I should do it myself.  Did that and arranged cancellation for 10th of December (Vodafone were meant to instal the fibre on 25th Nov), this took me about an hour between being on hold and answering questions so thanks to both BT and Vodafone for that one.  A few days before the instal date, I got another text to say that due to complications with citifibre, there was an issue and they couldn’t make that date.  The fix was on the 28th nov and Vodafone would contact me then to re arrange the instal date.  I mentioned to them the cancellation date with BT so everything needed to be in for then.  No problem they said.No call on the 28th and then on the 4th of December I received a text from citifibre and Vodafone to simply say my order had been cancelled.  After waiting an age on their hold I got through to them for them to blame everything on citifibre and take no responsibility and say I was cancelled and had to deal with it myself.  They’re weren’t interested in discussing any further and only gave me some useless and meaningless apologies.  I had to call BT and start a new contract which of course leaves me cut off for a week between cancel date and new start date.  Cheers Vodafone you useless bunch of liars."
"unacceptable in everyway $70 a month for complete trash that doesn't work. Too bad they are the only service provider in my area otherwise I'd never use this cancer of a company again, terrible service, terrible latency, overpriced, low speeds. I mean how can you have a company that does everything wrong. I'd rate negative stars if i could"
THE ABSOLUTE WORST! Increased my bill without me agreeing to any upgrades! Spoke to a customer service person that was clueless! Kept going around in circles! Wasted over an hour of on the phone!! HORRIBLE!!
"I would have to agree with the reviews that accuse T-mobile of being scammers. I found out My 83 year old MIL was being charged for T-Mobile $130/month for half a year for a phone she had cancelled. I tried multiple times to stop the withdrawals from her bank account but they refused to stop billing her because she “couldn’t remember her passcode.” The bank claimed they cannot cancel those monthly debits direct from account. They said we’d need to contact the debitor and disturbingly said that T-mobile wasn’t good about complying, I.e. they are scammers. T mobile eventually said she could cancel by going into the store. By the time I saw my MIL over holidays and took her to store to cancel, she was prob out $600 which they wouldn’t refund. What a bull$&@t company."
"I paid off my phone and I switched my service to a new company. I asked T Moblie to unlock my phone multiple times but it is locked for the second week. First time I called I spent 40 minutes on the phone with the T Mobile they told me that the phone is not purchased via T-Mobile so they would not unlock it. I explained that T-Mobile sold me the phone and I used to pay monthly to T Mobile for this phone. She replied that since the phone is not from T-Moble she cannot help me to unlock it. I had to explain again that I have all the paperwork in front of me showing that it was purchased from T-Mobile and in each bill it is stated that I paid for the phone with a final balance to be paid. She asked me to do some resetting and try to unlock it but with no result. Finally  I was informed that I would get an email, and the matter would be taken care of by the technical department and the phone would be unlocked within 72 hours. I did not get any email and after 4 days the phone was not unlocked.Next time I called I spent 80 minutes on the line with T Mobile going through settings on my phone and mostly waiting on line. The lady told me that the phone was not used so it cannot be unlocked. I explained that I have been using the phone for a year. She replied: “since the phone was not used the phone cannot be unlocked”  I had to repeat that I just said that I was using the phone for a year. And so on, and so on. Finally she said that the phone will be unlocked for sure this time in 24 hours. But nothing happened. We talked 2 days later and went thru the settings and I was told that the phone will be unlocked in 24 hours. It wasn't. I called 2 days later and I spent 2 hours on the phone with one lady and next another gentleman. Finally he asked me to go to the T-Mobile store. I explained that I already did go to the store but they said they don’t handle unlocking the phones and I have to call T-Mobile. But he explained that I need to go to another location so I did go to find the same reply, “we don’t handle the unlocking of phones, please call T-Mobile."
"Back in about 2009 T-Mobile sold my personal information. As my contract was coming to an end I was contacted by phone by someone asking if I wanted to renew my contract. I went ahead assuming it was T-Mobile at the time, but it turned out to be '3' Mobile and I didn't realise they had sold my details until I read about it, and being naive about mobile phone companies, I thought that '3' were part of T-mobile. I only found out about the data being sold by reading about it in the papers at the time. Needless to say I haven't used T-mobile nor '3' mobile ever since. However, we are now in 2023 and I'm still receiving scam and spam emails from all the usual culprits at the rate of some 15-20 a day. It is so brazen that they always quote a reference number and guess what? It is is the last 9 digits of that original T-Mobile number I had so there is no escaping who is to blame. Beware they will sell your personal details! Also '3' Mobile need a mention too as they bought those stolen details, so don't trust them either. I've left this for so long but after all this time I've finally had enough and the fallout from a company that still drags on. Someone less aware will get stung no doubt further by the scam emails proliferation. I would have liked to have given no stars to both those companies"
"No spending on infrastructure shows how crap this mob is...it's now as bad as 3 network...disgusting.. I had to write this therthered to my EE phone because it wasn't possible to do from my unlimited high speed 5g vodafone connected mobile... choose ee or o2 if you want your mobile to work in peak times, which everyone needs... that's why they call it peak!"
"I spent 8 hours trying to activate a phone and port a number over.  It was finally determined the phone was defective. After being transferred to 7 different people and a whole lot of lip service I decided to just cancel everything and return their equipment.  Then the 2nd s**t show started trying to get a transfer pin number so I could have my phone number back.  They refused to release my phone number with out a text being sent to the phone. The phone was broken and did not work.  Morons..... I ended up having to go to a store to have them call and get me a transfer pin number which took another hour.  If I could give a ZERO star I would,"
"The worst customer service experience of my life!!!!Long story short I received a notification about an outstanding balance on my device plan on the 10/1/2025 which paid immediately.After I'd made  the payment and contacted Vodafone, they advised me after 20 +minutes going through the same information that the payment would take 24 hours to update.However, on 16 January 2025,my phone service was barred. Despite 13 attempts to contact the free customer service number, being left on hold and also having the phone disconnected by Vodafone, the issue remained unresolved.The customer service team said I'd failed to pay the outstanding balance of £21.00 even though I have photographic evidence (screenshots from my banking app) that I offered to email them. Said customer service advisors informed me that Vodafone don't have an email address??? Unlikely don't you think?  I told one of the customer service advisors that my mental health has severely been affected by this as I have been going through a very difficult time at the moment, due to being in temporary employment and the added pressures of the financial impact this has had on me. I have ADHD and its proven very difficult to find a permanent role.To which I was greeted with radio silence from the advisor and a very patronising and uninterested tone. They do say if you want a job doing do it yourself and so I spent yesterday afternoon having to visit my bank for payment details and then a Vodafone store to resolve the issue, because the customer service advisors left me on hold. The whole situation caused me to leave work early because the stress and constant pressure made it impossible to concentrate at work and as a result I lost 4 hours pay.If I hadn't visited my bank or the Vodafone store yesterday, my phone would most likely still be blocked due to no fault of my own.The lack of empathy, professionalism and respect is absolutely disgraceful and I dread to think how many customers have to put up with this.I'm lucky that I have the support of friends and family, but for customers who are alone, and in severe mental or financial difficulty, an experience like this could really drive them to despair. I got a robotic, lacklustre response to my complaint with £10 Compensation against my next bill! Such an insult. I'm looking forward to July 2025 when my contract ends and I can leave Vodafone for good.Absolutely shocking service, received and to be penalised for actually paying your bill is beyond a joke. I would avoid Vodafone at all costs!!"
"I hate this company.  Last month they had 52 bucks of my money sitting on my account and wasn't going to apply it to anything telling me that they don't know why I paid it and my bill wasn't due. Then I pay 70 bucks thinking it was to the internet since the link said internet but guess what! It was to the wireless and now my internet is off, and after explaining to the rep. What took place, it's my fault because I paid with speed pay on their app. Are you serious.  So now when they return my money, my services still won't be restored because now since the services are suspended I can no longer do a split payment. Are you kidding me! I'm 🏃‍♀️ back to xfinity!!!! Listening to other people about cheaper services shoot I rather pay 220 dollars a month for faster service,  better customer service,  and payment extensions. I can't wait to cut AT&T off. Plus I can't never get anyone that speaks fluent English it just bothers me I have to repeat myself over and over, then they cut me off when I'm talking, then I can't understand them. I'm just over it. Never again!!"
Very rubbish network company. Internet sucks all the time
"All I can honestly say is, they are not an honest company and you would be better to pay off any equipment that you have, albeit expensive in the time, but worth it in the end. Go, matter of fact, run to a different company. They are not an honest company. Nor do they care."
"If Vodafone broadband is anything  like thier mobile phone coverage in my area NR5 9HE, forget it.If you complain they tell you the mobile mast is awaiting repairs and circa two years later we are still waiting. Now they have replied but want me to contact them on one of three social media sites none of them I use!"
12 days down the line hours wasted trying to contact Vodafone with 3 attempts to send a router but still nothing. Our connection line now seems to have a block on it so we can’t even take out Broadband with another company. Which is made even harder with no telephone line or internet. Told I would receive compensation but only if I stayed with Vodafone…!!!!????Last review told me contact Vodafone via Facebook to discuss which has just wasted more time. I really wish I could review -5* here
"Sign up recently on a family plan and what a mistake. Service is terrible. Have to constantly refresh to open pages, streaming is a spotty and lags way too much. It's not just me, it's the whole family. The supposed VIP number that never has wait time, has a very long wait time. I left good service and was over charged for trash service."
"I’m moving to another address and called to move my services. At that time, it was determined that ATT Internet is not offered at that address. So I had the cancel my services. The gentleman was SO NICE and SO HELPFUL! However, since that call, u have received 5 more calls and talked to 2 people who tried to get me to keep my services when I move. WHY are they calling me like they have no idea that they don’t offer internet at my new address? Supposedly the calls are recorded. I’m not buying it. Talked to someone yesterday afternoon and told them to stop calling. Then today someone else calls. 3 of the 5 calls have been within 24 hours. It’s infuriating that my holiday weekend is being interrupted for literally no reason. Maybe they will take me seriously this time when I say stop calling me. GET IT TOGETHER ATT!!!!"
"I chatted with an agent to simply combine my two bills. I have one bill for my wireless account and another one for my home internet account. I requested to have the bills combined into one so that I don't have to pay two separate bills every month. This rep was so poorly trained that he did not even know he had cancelled my home internet altogether. I noticed my home internet not working during our char conversation and mentioned that to him, even tried to resonate with him. I said something like ""is there ay chance you accidentially cliccked something that could have caused my internet issue?"" He said no. Then he connected me to another rep who had me reset my gateway but service was still not restored. Then I got transferred to the third rep andfinally service was restored. Altogether I spent 3 hours chatting with AT&T all just to combine my two bills into one. Now my service is restored but God only knows if my accounts have been combined as I originally chatted with AT&T to accomplish. If I hadn't JUST cancelled with my previous home internet provider and paid early termination fees, I PROMISE I would cancel with AT&T. The gross negligence and complete lack of training is incredibly frustrating. This is NOT the first rep's fault. This is the first rep's manager's fault. The rep should be trained enough to at least recognize when he cancels a customer's service. It would be a cherry on top if he were trained to not cancel the service altogether. I'm Extremely dissatisfied with this interaction, so is my family since it occupied my time for 3 hours. Absolutely terrible interaction, AT&T."
"Bad service, I called and they put hold for 2 hrs , man this is sad I switched from Verizon, they also lied and told me free international calls then charged me 700$ ,"
"Couldn't even use the data for 3 months. Can't make calls while on the road. Luckily I have wifi at work and home.Asked Tmobile tech for help still couldn't figure it out.He suggested I just upgrade to a free phone.  Ok, sounds good. But Tmobile wouldn't take the phone unless I replace the tiny crack on the screen ($120).Decided to switch to Verizon. Gave me three new phones with much better reliability. I guess Tmobile would rather nickel and dime their existing customers and lose a customer after 7 years. What kind of stupid business model is that?Personel at Verizon stores always look more professional and busy compare to Tmobile stores. Hmmm"
This people are real thief’s  !  They sent me an email with an offer and their representative told me to wait a few days to take up on the offer ( maybe he didn’t want to do it at that moment) and to call back on Monday to get that taken care of. I spend all day Monday calling ATT and just kept getting transfer from place to place to than be told that the offer had expired  and there was nothing they could do about it. Even tho I missed the offer because their own employee provided me with the wrong information. This company does not look out for the long time costumer all they care about is the money. This will be the last month I spend with them.
Run don't walk away from them service suks.  Tech guy messed up my phone and voicemails and the supervisor john via chat REFUSED to call me or have someone call me and I have black and white proof of this
"Very very bad company! They sent me a device and when I returned it in same condition they charged me money for it saying that I damaged it! Despite the fact that it already arrived non working and damaged. And they use the fact that I cannot prove it because I took no pictures of it! Also they changed my plan without my knowledge and increased my monthly payment. Also one day I lost my internet driving in the middle of nowhere and lost my map. When I called them, they said that driver was disconnected?!!! What? So it was working before and someone disconnected it on purpose. When I asked for explanation, they couldn’t give one. But the last drop happened today. When I called the company and asked them to unlock my phone because I’m going to relatives funeral in Kiev, Ukraine, they said they would not do it because I’m on contract and it’s not up yet!! And on top of it they tried to sell me more international plans?!!! OMG. These people make money off of your pain!! STAY AWAY!"
"Horrible company. Tmobile use to be good, but the company is declining.  Horrendous customer service, ripping people off, shutting down a customer's phone due to your incompetence. Keep posting consumers."
"I have been a customer for 22 years. Now, they keep on overcharging me. I am very disappointed. I will switch to a different company"
Terrible customer service. Utterly incompetent team who messed up my sim and I had to go a week without a phone service because they cancelled my sim and refused to reactivate it so that I can port out. They also took 60 dollars without my permission and without checking compatibility with my phone. It took them 2 seconds to take the money and then cancel my sim. but 5 days before anyone started on working on my issue. they also lied to me and 2 hrs per day on call with they horrible care reps
No matter what they offer do not allow ATT autopay to access your bank. ATT withdrew $430 from our account for a duplicate phone they sent to us in error. We returned the phone through a certified ATT representative yet they still withdrew the money. After numerous contacts with numerous ATT representatives the money was returned but they immediately re-created the $430 charge. We shut down autopay prior to any further fraudulent withdrawals but now are harassed every month with threats to our credit rating if we don’t pay this money we in fact do not owe. Six months of contact with numerous ATT representatives and the harassment continues though at the end of each contact ATT admits that the error is on their end and it will be fixed through their fraud department. Only days later to receive contact from the fraud department telling us it is not an issue for them and we should contact customer service. That cycle has occurred through eight calls…many last over an hour. In our experience it is the ATT Fraud Department that is a fraud. Beware! Beware! Beware! ATT Wireless says all the right things to draw you in but provides absolutely no support once you have accepted their “service.” And we use the word service with quotes because there is not any helpful service from their end.
Trash and unprofessional never getting no money from me
"We had to cancel our t-mobile internet because the service was awful in our area. I was told I would get an email with a shipping label attached to return the router.  I received the email but with no shipping label attached. Tonight I spent two hours on hold and still don’t have an email with a shipping label. The last person that I spoke with told me I would have it within three hours. That was six hours ago, so I assume I won’t receive it. I believe this is t-mobile’s way of being able to charge the customer for non-returned equipment.  Long story short……buyer beware."
"I got my first cell phone in 1994, just when cell phones were becoming popular. My service then was through AT&T Wireless.  As you can imagine at that time cell towers were few and far between. My cell service then was 10 times better than it is today with T mobile.  T mobiles’ service is absolutely terrible everywhere I go!!   I’ll be loving as soon as possible and will NEVER return!"
"Email these folks and pack their inbox: nicolet.macikanycz@att dot com and john.stankey@att dot comThey are the executive leaders who care little about their customers after being shown numerous screenshots of an in-home salesperson who lied and deceived and made promises on discounts which didn't even exist. Maybe if enough disgruntled people let the leaders know they will actually do something.I would never use any AT&T service ever. In my lifetime they are the worst for customer service.This is what I sent them....I signed up for internet in Knoxville, Tennessee for my son approximately three weeks ago.  While getting the internet installed, an AT&T Sr. Associate In-home Expert (Jay S***) came to sell me AT&T mobile services.  I told Jay S***, I was not interested in converting to AT&T, but he was determined.  Mr. S*** asked about my current mobile bill and said if anyone in my family was in the military or healthcare industry.  I told him my daughter was a nurse and he replied it would be a significantly better deal than what I was receiving through Verizon.  He also explained if I purchased an AARP account, I would receive an additional discount stacked on the healthcare discount. He also said AARP provides insurance for phones of up to four claims a year so there is no need for me to purchase additional insurance through AT&T.Mr. S*** promised me a rate of $127.26 plus taxes for six lines with three phones ported over and three lines with trade-ins of iphone 13 to iphone 15 with all discounts applied and three upgraded phones. I have witnesses to attest the following as well as text snapshots from his AT&T work phone to show what was promised to me.  I will attach a few of the text pictures to this e-mail.  Mr. S*** also claimed I could get the combined (wireless and internet) discount as long as my daughter and I used the same address - I explicitly asked if our names being on the accounts being different would pose an issue to which he said no (text shot attached).   NOW, here is the issue, I get a monthly bill for $330 with none of the promised discounts. In addition, he said I would receive $880 in trade-in phone credits but in reality I received $570. Also, on my bill today he applied phone insurance to my account and the option for yearly upgrades.  Which I did not ask for or approve.  It appears Mr. S*** was stacking options to help with his commissions as adding this makes no sense since he said previously the insurance wasn't needed with AARP.  As I stated, he said AARP would cover the four claims a year, but now I found today it doesn't.I was misled on numerous fronts.  I spent over four hours the Saturday after Thanksgiving on different phone calls between wireless reps, wireless managers, wireless retention reps, internet customer service and an internet customer service manager.Being so frustrated with all the blatant misrepresentations, I tried to get my original phones back and cancel AT&T.  Now I am told from AT&T phone representatives it is impossible to receive my phones back.  So, if I cancel with AT&T I have no phones to trade in elsewhere.  Obviously, this ordeal is costing me a significant amount of time and money.  Mr. S*** claims are a clear violation of customer service ethics.  I have been materially financially penalized due to Mr. S*** blatant misrepresentations of the truth.I hope to find a viable solution to the egregious behavior of an AT&T employee which led to me switching from Verizon to AT&T.  Between the loss of my mobile phones and owing $1600 for the outstanding balance to my phones and the all the time trying to rectify this situation,  I respectfully request AT&T to bundle the internet and cellular account with the 20% discount that was originally promised to me.  In addition a $2000 credit to be applied to the account for the increase in plan costs and insurance for phones from what was promised to me.  If this can be accomplished, I would commit to stay with AT&T, not post the detrimental communications sent to me by a representative of the Company and not pursue other means which would certainly be more costly to the company.Please see the attached commitments in the screen shots from Mr. S***.I appreciate your time looking into this matter and look forward to your response."
"They lie. If they are speaking, they are lying. All 4 phones 'died' at the same time, a couple of months before being paid off. I took mine to 2 separate stores and they said they couldn't help. One said, ""I can sell you a new one."" ummmm...no"
"Horrible company. If you accidentally call internationally (other than US, Canada, Mexico), it is $3/min! No one will tell you this, until you have accumulated hundreds of dollars of charges. So, you need to add ""international call blocking"" to your cell account. But that will not stop you from being charged ""international data roaming""! You have to block that too! It is so confusing, when you call, even their own reps don't know about all these. How are you, ATT, expect an average customer to know? I guess that's how they charge hundred of dollars from their customers. Completely unethical practice!!!If you think you are well protected from adding the above two block, you are wrong! You have to call them to add ""international text blocking"", otherwise you will still be charged! My gosh, how crazy it that? The greed and dishonesty of this company is beyond description!Finally, if you log into your ATT account, you can add ""add on"" to your account. But the above are not shown, so you cannot add them on yourself. Worse yet, you don't even know they exist. You are welcome now that you know."
I have been with AT&T for cell service for 2 years and I was told that if I upgraded my 5 phones I would get $700 as a trade in value but after we sent them in we only got $165.  Now my Sales Executive Customer Success Mobility person and his boss are not responding to me.  I have also asked about other charges on my bill and again no response.  I would never recommend using AT&T and will be switching from AT&T as soon as possible unless somebody at AT&T makes this situation right.
"I experience daily network outages, minimum once a day, sometimes more. Each of those outages lasts around 3 minutes. I contacted their technical support multiple times, but it's a waste of time. They do network status checks, which I can do myself via the app. They check network health, which I can do myself too. They say that they do not see any issue. Well, they will not see it, as the issue is intermittent. They also tell me to contact them when the issue occurs, not understanding that:1) When I lose network connection, I do not have the internet so cannot chat with them. I have no mobile data in the place I live.2) Issues are intermittent and for ~3 min - it takes longer for their chat-bot to figure out what to do with a case.Vodafone service is unreliable and their help or ""expert service"" recommendation seems like a token gesture. Their support say ""We do not see the issue now, we cannot report it"" - such an insightful observation, totally unhelpful though."
"Needed new phone.Called store in Touchwood Solihull.Confirmed handset was in stock.Attended store same day.Handset not in stock.Charged £6.99 for delivery as alternative.Store staff not prepared to waive delivery fee under circumstances (!)Store staff assured me they would handle transition of tel number from old provider to Vodafone.Phone was delivered. Sim card missing.Contacted Vodafone multiple times [on hold for excessive periods] trying to arrange sim card.Was told I could get an e-sim by one operator, but told otherwise by another. Was told Sim was in the post.Was advised there had also been a glitch and that the transfer of my number to Vodafone was held up and delayed [a ""porting order"" delay].In this time, my former provider issued me with emails notifying I was being cut off at my request on the same day.Called former provider and they informed me that Vodafone had instructed the cut off.Meanwhile, still no Sim.So - unable to take or make calls for around 48 hrs over festive period.Using wife's phone to contact Vodafone, I insisted that I needed a Sim. They said it was in the post.They assured me a call back same day from supervisor. This did not happen.Had to instruct wife not to leave house [or to leave phone behind] so that I could use her phone to receive / make calls [including to and from Vodafone].Sim arrived. Did not work.Also materialised that phone pin was missing from box.On phone with Vodafone, they walked me through how to set up / activate sim - and despite them being on the phone as I did this, it did not work. That call alone was 50 mins.Vodafone representatives admitted that they had attempted to call me, on the number they'd asked my former provider to cut off.No meaningful empathy from the staff or business in terms of resolution."
Not happy. I got a call of vodafone to set up a new contract has my old contract with them was coming to a end. So I did but on sim only and a free cheap handset . They said they would also pay the remaining balance of my old contract. They lied to me they don't pay off your remaining balance. Don't believe them if they tell you thisJanice mcdonnell
"They baited and switched me by assigning me to a plan I didn’t agree to.  Then, they don’t send out the first bill for more than 3 weeks.  This accomplishes an important task for them.  Every customer has 14 days to cancel their service.  I didn’t know what I was actually being billed for until 23 days into my service.  At that point, they would not acknowledge their mistake, or adjust any charges.  I cancelled my plan, but was still on the hook for the second month because they bill for 2 months in advance.  Even though I’m no longer a customer, I still owe them for month #2 because that’s what I “agreed to”.  Yes, I did agree, but to a completely different plan!  Run away as fast as you can.  They are liars and thieves."
"AT&amp;T ARE ONLY IN THE BUSINESS OF MAKING MONEY! I’VE BEEN A CUSTOMER SINCE 2017 AND I’VE GIVEN THEM OVER 7,000 DOLLARS ON PHONES AND REPLACEMENTS BECAUSE MY KIDS BREAK THEIR PHONES. I HAVE A MY PHONE NOW FOR 2 YEARS NEVER DID A CLAIM, NOW THE PHONE IS MALFUNCTIONING THE PHONE COST 1200 DOLLARS AND I BOUGHT IT BRAND NEW. THEY WANT ME TO PAY THEM 250 FOR A REFURBISHED PHONE. I ASKED IS ANYBODY GOING TO SEE IF THEY CAN FIX IT, BECAUSE I DON’T WANT A USED PHONE FOR MY NEW PHONE. THEY TOLD ME THEY DON’T FIX PHONES THEY JUST CHARGE YOU FORVA NEW ONE OR YOU CAN UPGRADE YOUR PHONE AND START A NEW PLAN. I DON’T WANT A NEW PHONE OR A NEW PLAN I WANT A TECH TO FIX MY PHONE WITH YA’LL TRIFLING MONEY HUNGRY COMPANY! I’M GOING TO PAY MY 200 DOLLARS LEFT ON MY PHONE AND I AM LEAVING THIS TERRIBLE WIRELESS COMPANY AND WILL NEVER LOOK BACK! I DO NOT RECOMMEND AT&amp;T AT ALL UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY TO WASTE!"
"Staff told us in person, we would not have any extra charges for our cruise trip to Bahamans, Jamaica, Haiti, with our Unlimited plan.  However, when we got a couple hundred $$$ bill they would not issue a credit to cover their employee's miss information. After speaking with C.S. and the manager James Soriano they opted to not honor their employee's word.This is rough as we are forced to use this company due to coverage for home use.  Its also painful to hear the staff and management ask us to call other people to fix this issue and all we got was another person passing the blame with no good results.Furthermore, each time I've walked in, staff was too busy to acknowledge me even if I was the only one in the store. Yesterday I had to watch Neisha walk around for 10 mins before she helped me and I felt like it was a problem that I was there.The issue here is their word is not been good with us now on 2 different occasions.It's not about the money here. Its about the lies and wasting other peoples time. Belmont NC store"
Went into the Blackburn Vodaphone shop in the Mall  was put off straight away not one employee made eye contact or welcomed you into store very rude. There was no clear area people were queuing when I asked for help I was looked at like an alien zero customer service. I had been told to go into the store by Vodaphone online to collect sim cards for two contracts which we had not received in the official order. The whole thing was a shambles and the way in which we where dealt with was rude and unhelpful. Due to this we have now cancelled both contracts and would not use Vodaphone again. Good luck to any using this store unless they get further training in how to deal with customers & make customers feel welcome your best ging else where. There was a elderly gentleman in their on his own I felt sorry for him I could see he wasn't getting anywhere and they didn't want to go the extra mile to help him. The staff member looked as confused as he did I it was like no one knew what they were doing. I was told I would have to call Vodaphone to order the sims to be posted to our home address yet I was in the Blackburn Vodaphone shop. They told me its separate!! Mind blowing.
Internet only works in my area from 11pm to 6am. I have the $75 a month max plan. Customer service hangs up on me and all of a sudden “can’t hear you.”
"I should’ve stayed with spectrum, the service is no different-It’s unreliable no matter where I go, at least Spectrum has great customer service. Verizon is the best with service but they love adding random/incorrect fees & withholding information about actual cost-you can never trust them. Well, at least AT&T is consistent about their poor performance."
"I broke my old phone and needed a new one before moving abroad to Spain for a year. AT&T told me and it was IMPOSSIBLE to buy a phone ANYWHERE with the carrier unlocked. A flat out LIE, you can buy one at the apple store easily. Now, not only will they refuse to unlock my new phone for me so I can get a Spanish phone number, they have avoided my calls, AND lied to me several times saying that they did unlock it when they actually didn’t. Additionally, I have continually received people on the phone that have no idea what they are talking about and it is clear that in many cases, I know more about this issue than them. Not only is the international plan that I am currently relying on costing me $10/day, but my safety is at risk here due to a lack of ability to communicate with the directors of my study abroad program and my host family."
"Not reliable at all, I don't have service atlist 4 days in a month and internet as well, sometimes they need more than a week to fix it. Poor customer service. I can't even receive calls from my child 😕"
"My wife had a Galaxy Fold 4 with a malfunctioning screen. The phone has never been damaged, but despite this, they refused a warranty exchange saying she was responsible. The screen going wonky is a known problem but they law it on the consumer saying they damaged it. Stay away from T-Mobile . . . don't walk away, RUN. I will never do business with T-Mobile ever again."
Be careful when buying an new sim only deal off Uswitch from Vodafone all ready an customer with Vodafone they said I couldn’t keep my existing number which I’ve had for years Vodafone to Vodafone no can do o2 to Vodafone ok and so on very unsatisfied 😡😡
"I signed up for a deal that they take automatically from my checking account. Not the credit card but checking account. That should have been the red flag for me. But I went ahead with this. The deal was that I pay for their service and for the phone. At the end of 24 months period the phone was supposed to be unlocked and mine. The service was bad, the technical support was unhelpful, their customer service rude and useless. Of course, no surprise that I wanted to leave at the end of this 24 month period. It was a full time job to get my account number and a transfer code from them Finally I got that and move on to another carrier. But they locked my phone and it's been several days I am trying them to get it unlock and they blame Samsung, Florida, heat anything in the world but not unlocking the phone . They have no legal right to keep it but they know that take them to court is a hassle so they steal. This company has nothing to offer. They are just thieves!"
The customer service at AT&T leaves a lot of these desired. I called the customer service number and asked for a call Back. They said it would take between nine and 17 minutes and now I’m at Three hours. This is truly lousy service. I think I will switch my My wireless carrier😡
611 customer care has a glitch in it where it wont complete transaction. Then it will put you on hold for an hour!!!
"Well ATT raised my monthly payment to 106 up 12 dollars with no reason, no added benefits. called att about this which of course i had to speak to someone who could not speak actual english, he tells me my bill after linking 2 family members would be 133.42 plus tax.get an email my bill is 455.72after cslling again they say that is not applying credits so the bill would be 199.45. i asked about the 133.42 i was told before, they put me in hold and after 15 to 20 minutes say they got it to 133.42.get another email saying the bill is 255.72.called again speaking to another person who can't speak englishthey screw it up again.avoid this place at all cost!!!!"
I was a customer for 3yrs with Crooked T-Mobile. Giving up my account for their convenience did me no good. Still”they took their payment April 4th. By the 5th my service was terminated. It was hell from that date on. The whole month they’re sending Tickets to locate the payment. By the end of the month I was drained. Moving on to another carrier was my only option. But”not with slimy T-mobile one can’t move on. They blocked my iPhone as if I owed them money I had prepaid pay as I go. And”it is now 12/23/24 those Crooks never reimburse me my $67.08. I’m on fixed income I’m not rich”I went out a bought Tshirts that reads. I was Robbed by T-Mobile. Join the movement these big companies are to powerful with our money.
I have been with sprint / t mobile for 17 years never ever had a problem with sprint but tmobile I was late on my bill one time in 17 years and they want to charge 160 for a reconnect fee on top of my 190 bill I am beyond mad I might go to Verizon
"I was trying to upgrade my phone for this S24 Ultra.  In the biggening there was a promotion trade in the phone for $1000 with a plan upgrade. or keep the plan for $500.  I was told they will honor the $500 but they will get back to me.  I had to call them back 4x since they never reach out to me.   Apparently, the promotion is over and I got screw.  I was  extremely upset with T-Mobile.  This is the second issue I had with T-Mobile, their system was compromised and my Identity was stolen.  It's been a nightmare with this phone carrier."
"On August 28th I went to the store in Gastonia on Cox road to find out if the phone I needed was available. As it was not, I went to the store on Myrtle School road in Gastonia. The representative, Jordan, was with other clients. I was not greeted. While still working with another client, Jordan asked me how she could help. I explained that I was looking specifically for Samsung s24 ultra with 512 GB of memory and came to her as it was unavailable at Cox road store. She informed me that she had two phones available at that location. I chose the color of the phone. She proceeded with the trade-in. As she was still working with both me and another person, I had to do all the installation on my new phone without her help. She did not go over any policies, protection plan options which she just added without asking me. When I got home and started setting up my phone I found out that she sold me a Samsung Galaxy s24 ultra with 256 GB. The next day I went back to the store. She said that she would not be able to replace the phone. She was not able to make a return either. I spent 3 and 1/2 hours at the store with her trying to help both me and another client at the same time again. I ended up leaving the store because she was not able to solve my issue and she sent me away. I had to go to the corporate store on Cox road where all my problems were solved by another representative without any issues. However I did have to still pay the restocking fee which I find unfair. On top of everything, Jordan was smelling strongly of marijuana, she was dressed yesterday in a mini skirt and today in jeans with multiple holes in them, something weird on her head, and looked completely unrepresentable and unprofessional. at one point I had to sit down because the smell of marijuana was that strong."
"This company is HORRIBLE. Practically STOLE money from me and my family.  I was using t-mobile for over 10 years and was a loyal customer. Never missed 1 payment. However, they would do some sketchy things with my bill that had Me question the company’s credibility over the last few years I was with them.Initially, I wouldn’t check my bill statements and this was a mistake because T-Mobile would charge me for things that I never used or purchased. When I would call customer service, they would lie and say I did purchase (a plan, an equipment etc), but I know that I never had purchased anything additional.   When I would ask them to remove those things, they would confirm over the phone verbally that they would be removed from my plan- months would go by, they would remove it initially and then it will be added on again.  I was the sole authorized user on my account and so no one else had access to make any changes to my plans.After a few years of dealing with this, and having to stay with T-Mobile because I was under a phone contract for two years, I finally decided to leave. However, when I left, guess what happened?They charged me for an additional month, AFTER, I left because I had left my card on file before closing my account. When I transferred my number to another company T-Mobile automatically removed my access to all of my files, to my online account - everything, so I could not remove any of my personal information since they took my account away!  So, I tried disputing the charge and they gave me an excuse that they had to charge me because I never paid the first month of service… what?  Whatever, I couldn’t get my money back….. But then, two months later, they sent me another bill saying I owed an equipment I never returned from back in 2016. I was STUNNED!  I never purchased the equipment they said I had purchased in-store, I also never saw this “charge” on ANY of my bills throughout my time with the company.I was so certain I was done with T-Mobile and then they send me to collections ??I had done EVERYTHING to avoid this prior to leaving. I went to the store, closed my account, received verbal and physical confirmation that everything was paid for and I received the last three month invoices to confirm it. Yet they still found a way to send me to collections for something I have no record or recollection of?  How the hell do they get away with this fraudulent behavior?  I’m not the only person I know that they have done this with. I am so upset!  I will never use T-Mobile again!! I will never recommend them to anyone.   They’re over priced, and they are fraudulent!! Once you’re ready to leave them, that’s when they want to make things even worse for you financially.Don’t ever use T-Mobile!! Mint Mobile has been amazing for me.  I live in NYC and it works JUST like, if not better than T-Mobile service. I pay 35$ a month and I have no unexpected fees.Now time for me to fight with collections over this T-Mobile bill …. Wish me luck.(Written by Rafael B.)"
"One of the worst broadbands I ever used, promised speed was 60mbps the actual speed is between 500kbps to 3mbps, been with this broadband for over a year now and every single day I have problems with it crashing and it wouldn’t turn back on for a good hour, I do not recommend it."
"1) my phone was disabled twice months apart. The other day my phone was disabled for 5 hours, the day before I could make calls. Yesterday I found out my second phone they set up 11 months ago could not receive calls, they fixed it today. But they would not credit my account for the non working phone. I went to two different AT&T stores, the first one said they were a satellite store, so they sent me across town to a “main store” and they said they couldn’t do anything either. I pay $140.00 for two phones, now with my new different wireless provider I pay $130.00 for 4 phones. Thank you AT&T! And my internet cost went down also!I would like to thank the awful service techs, and support staff for saving me money. Without your attention to do nothing, I would have never changed my phone, my internet, and my family’s phone and internet!"
"I was a loyal Vodafone customer for two years, even though the signal occasionally dropped during Microsoft Teams meetings at work. I decided to upgrade to a 500MB plan because of an offer, but the signal worsened, dropping out even more during work hours. Frustrated, I cancelled within the 14-day cooling-off period.When I spoke to an advisor, I was told my contract would revert to my original one, set to end on December 12th. However, upon calling Vodafone to cancel as I’m joining EE, I discovered I allegedly owe £225 because, during the downgrade, Vodafone placed me on a new 2-year contract without informing me.I waited 30 minutes to speak to customer service today, requesting they review the recorded phone call where I downgraded. The advisor clearly made a mistake, and now I’m being falsely accused of taking out a new contract and trying to avoid paying for it.Vodafone, your service has been poor. I’ve included my order number so you can review my account notes and see how many times I’ve contacted you about issues. It’s unacceptable to place me in a new contract without explaining terms and conditions. This is a blatant error and breach of consumer law. Please resolve this immediately."
I am very unhappy my bill was under 280$ for years and recently went up 100$ for no reason and no one has helped me ..
Another day without service..I'm done.. switching to Verizon
I have been a customer of Tmobile since they took over Sprint and about 10 years with Sprint.  My bill went up $20 and they told me it was because I paid my phones off.  So had I kept paying for phones it would have been less expensive. I was then told they would give me a credit for being a loyal customer for so many years and I asked if that was permanent.  They told me they would check.  I called today and the lady I spoke with was rude and condescending and said you arent going to get credit for something you arent paying for.  I told her cancel my service and hung up.  She called back and I said I have nothing left to say to you she said i cant cancel your service if you hang up.  I said well you were extremely rude have someone else call me because I dont want to talk to you. no one has called back yet.
There was a 30 day trial period for switching to t-mobile.  If you switched from another carrier to t-mobile and switched back within 30 days they would reimburse you 150.00.  We tied tmobile and were unsatisfied with their coverage and service.  we switched back to verizon witinin the 30 days of starting tmobile and called tmoble customer service and started a claim for the 150.00.  The customer service rep stated that we were within the 30 days and expect a check mailed to address.  If we did not get the check wining 30 days call back.  Today 10/10 i called customer service at tmobile and stated never received money they said that the claim was denied because i did not re-claim my 150 with in 30 days of initial claim.
Only one word to describe Vodafone. Awful awful awful.  Customer service is non existent - go elsewhere - I have never come across such rude vile unprofessional call handlers and the amount of mistakes made on my account is shocking.  GO ELSEWHERE
My family has had T-mobile for six years and the past couple of months have really made me regret choosing them as my cell phone provider. My son’s phone was not letting him make or receive calls or text with the data service only with Wi-Fi. My husband has been to a T-mobile store and has talked to several T-mobile representatives on the phone to rectify this issue. Long story short… the phone is still not fixed but we still get a full bill every month for four phones and can only use three. If that’s not stealing I don’t know what is. Your job is to provide customers with service and satisfaction we have received neither for two months. As a parent it is vital for me to be able to contact and communicate with my child through our cell phones. This company has stressed my entire family out behind this one issue that an entire company can’t seem to resolve. I will wholeheartedly be in the market for a new and more trustworthy cell phone carrier immediately.
"I'm only giving a 1 star because that's as low as I can go. I am totally frustrated with the rates, bill, service and customer service with AT&T. I am exhausted with calling them every month because of billing.  They charge you ten dollars if you dont sign up for paperless billing and AutoPay.  What a rip off! Not to mention all the blackouts they have. Maybe this is a sign to read books, because internet alone almost $100 a month & that's CRAZY WORK! No perks for your loyal customers,  all the so called ""deals"" are for new customers only! Do better AT&T & Execitives. I am livid with this trashy service & sky high pricing."
II have rarely endured such inefficiency from a company. They have sent not one but two iPhones to me in error. Vodaphone have stolen £31.99from my account-no permission was given by me. I have had approximately 15 phone calls from vodaphone in the past 2 days. They have now told me my card has been cancelled AND THEY WANT TO KNOW HOW MUCH MONEY IS IN MY BANK ACCOUNT BEFORE MY MONEY IS REFUNDED
"I switched from Verizon to T-mobile, they offered a $200 gift card for the mobile phone switch and a $50 card for going with their home internet. A year later still don't have either. Provided them the rebate codes THEY provided me, said the $200 card will ship soon, a month later, nothing. The home internet works well, the phone coverage and service isn't as good as Verizon. Customer service is the same."
A representative told me to oay $150 and my services turned only to be told that I needed an extra $230. It's so low to lie to a customer to get them off the phone.
"I am absolutely appalled by the service I received from AT&T, specifically from a representative named Vanardo. My family and I have been loyal customers for over 20 years, with six premium phone lines, and we expected better than this blatant deception.During our call, Vanardo assured us that we were eligible for completely free upgrades on all our phones. He explicitly stated that our monthly bill included a fee for ""Anytime Upgrades"" and that we had accrued extra credit, making our trades entirely free. Fast forward to now, and I’m trying to ship back our old phones only to discover that there is no shipping label as promised.When I logged into our AT&T account, I was shocked to find that we are being charged full price for the new phones—$38 a month for each of the six phones over 36 months! This is nothing short of a scam. Vanardo's statements were clear, and I demand that AT&T review the recorded call, where all of this misinformation is documented.I spoke with a supervisor (MYLENE) who offered no real help. She claimed she couldn’t access the call transcript but assured me that once they do, the evidence of Vanardo’s promises will be undeniable. It’s infuriating to know that the company I’ve trusted for two decades is engaging in such deceptive practices.AT&T needs to take responsibility for this situation. I expect a full review of this case, a reversal of these charges, and a proper resolution. This is unacceptable, and I will not stand for being misled by your representatives. If AT&T does not take liability for this situation, I will be forced to take my business elsewhere after 20 years."
TMobile Customer Service Stinks.  I was on hold over hour and a half which is totally unacceptable.  I am going to consider changing my service because customer service is as much important.  They treat you as though once your a customer its ok to slack in other areas but so not the case.
"TMobile Home internet service is simply Horrific.  The last time I experienced internet this awful was when internet first became a thing.  The Buffering, Freezing and weak to no signal when it rains MEANS JUST GIVE UP.  There is no savings when you are paying for frustration.  No matter how many times I contacted TMobile to complain about these issues, none of their fixes, or suggestions were a remedy.  I ended up tolerating this bad service for six months, at which point I could adequately afford to change providers.  The worst part is; I cancelled my service on 9/02/24 and was told I would still be billed for the whole month of September because my bill closing date was 25 days away.  Then I was told that I would also be responsible for a final bill in October.  TMobile should have been paying me for all the times I called for support, because the service was randomly available .and at a level where it was useful to all members of the family"
Hidden Fees for watch reactivations. And when you cancel they don't tell you they'll send you a final bill that doesn't come till a month later and they tack on more fees. I was forced to pay my bill late. Terrible service and hard to cancel.11558051198
Those scammers told me that they owe me money but instead they charged me 150 even though it was supposed to be 80. If AT&T is watching this get ready to shut down this crapcompany I will be sure you will get no money forever but start owing the people more than billions
"These guys are robbers, please be careful before signing a contract with them"
"AT&T is the worst cellphone company I have ever been with. A sales person came to my house unsolicited, lied to my husband and I about our phone bill being lower if we switched over to them, said we would get $200 gift cards each for my husband and I, we caved in and traded in our phones and the sales rep lost or just simply didn’t ship my husbands phone so now they are saying they don’t know where it’s at and can’t give us the credits for it even though they lost it! My bill has not been low at all and I’m paying more than I was with my previous phone company and it’s been 7 months and my credits still have not been applied and no one in customer service will do anything about it, will be switching back over to my previous cellphone company ASAP!"
"I can't understand why this company made it so big. Incompetent workers, customer service, high prices, worst company I'm switching after 12 years with them."
Was with Vodafone for 20+ years offered me trade in for my old fone then decided my old fone was broke and wouldnt pay up. Have just left Vodafone after contract ended and back to using fone allegedly broke(not). Would never go back so take no notice of theirtrade in offers.
I signed up for AT&T fiber and made an appointment took the day off to be here!! No show !! Rescheduled for another day took day off from work and what another  NO SHOW!! At this point I would pay more for internet service from someone else than give this Criminal Organization another chance !! If I could give them less than 1 ⭐️ I would definitely give them 0 ⭐️..I see why their workers are on strike they don’t want to work for them  either !!!! Hope they stay on strike !!
"HORRIBLE. Yeah they CAN have great service, only if they let you. Which isnt all that likely"
"I was fortunate to receive a free Vodafone SIM card for six months due to my financial situation. After that period, I signed up to continue with the same pay-as-you-go SIM for £10 a month. When I was able to upgrade, a cold caller informed me that I was eligible for a contract SIM, and I accepted the offer.Two weeks later, I received a text saying I qualified for a contract SIM that was now £20 cheaper. I was excited and decided to proceed with it. The representative assured me she would cancel my previous contract for the new one.However, I now find myself paying for two SIM cards because I have two contracts that, unfortunately, cannot be terminated until 2026 when both contracts expire.Happy New Year to you too!"
"Pathetic useless company can't register my SIM card. Constantly getting prompts saying number not valid etc. yet my phone says Vodafone, and they take money from my balance after buying a bundle. No bundle added to my account. Called customer services they hung up on me after being on hold 20 minutes.can't find account number doesn't exist despite porting in from another network. I should never switched to this network. I've now escalated this to a complaint, next it's ofcom."
"How bad can customer service be before you have to believe they are doing this on purpose? ATT's customer service is so bad that it is not just my desire to never use their product again but I also want to get 10 other people not to use their product. This is the same way I felt about Sears and Kmart before they took their plunge to nothing. I have spent 25 days now trying to get 10 phones ""unlocked"", I got 8 done but the last two have been held for any reason they can think of! It has taken so long that one of the reasons is that we nit another billing cycle and the two phones that have not been released now have a higher monthly service fee and they still won't release. I shut the service off so that they did not get rewarded for delaying, but that has not helped. ATT sucks."
"Recently joined Vodafone UK and opted for the 300 international minutes add on for my landline.Two things I have experienced1. Terminates calls after 30 minutes2. not able to get a balance either from my web account or app.The only way is to spend up to 25 minutes on the phone or the same time on their chat service.I've even been to the local Vodafone shop and even they cannot help.So why is it so difficult for Vodafone to provide this information as I don't want to exceed my monthly allowance and incur premium charges.My previous provider gave this information via their app in real time.------------------------------------If you require any assistance, pop us over a message via Facebook: or Instagram:Thanks, Vodafone Social Media Team----------------------------------------Typical Social Media Team response -  not everyone uses Facebook or Instagram -  so why can you not respond to the questions above so others can see the reply. Dreadful service!"
Tmobile is absolute garbage. Overcharged the shtt out of us. Then promised to correct the bill over a month ago. Never corrected it. I've contacted customer service dozens of times and had repeated promises that it would be corrected. Last night they said not to worry and our service would not be interupted since I have said I am not paying the bill until it is correct. This morning our service was disconnected and even more additional fees added for the service disconnect. They asked me to pay the full amount to restore service now. This has been the worst service I've dealt with from any cell service. Complete bullshtt.
"I have had t mobile for over 2 years now because I was stuck in a plan with my sister. Over the last year I've realized how terrible they're service really is. I can't even make calls at my own house without the WIFI. On top of that, every time I try to contact customer service It's super sketchy and I never actually get solutions. I am quitting today because I haven't had service for over a week and I've talked to three different people about the situation all gave me the same resolution. It would work for about an hour and then my service would be blocked again. I have never been as upset at any company as much as I am with T Mobile. All they do is take your money and cause issues. You would have better luck buying minutes than with this company. Absolutely horrible."
I will give 0 star but not able to. Two times Atnt has increased my bill without my knowledge adding additional charge which is 120$ more. When I called customer care they are not able to answer and check history as I called them few times previously. Worse service ever and no proper mobile app as well. I had 6 lines in my account.
"They charged me for a year, 2 phone lines while I didn't have a single one! When I looked at the account, there's a random number I've never had! You'd think they'd apologize and refund me, but instead, they told me I should've checked my account! Pathetic! T-Mobile = Scammers"
"Abysmal customer service! For 5 days we've been told to wait 24 hours for our 500mpbs speed Internet to work but it's reaching no higher than 75.1mpbs! Had an open reach tech come out to be told they've sold us the 80mpbs package and not upgraded it, and they should know and see this clearly when we call and complain. Still awaiting a resolution and just want to leave the company at this point and go for sky!!"
"Have spent 4 days trying to get a contract for my house. System keeps telling me my personal details are wrong. They are not wrong. No one at Vodafone is able to help as I was trying to sign up via moneysupermarket.com where I was going to get voucher for £100. If I get help from Vodaphone I loose the £100? Their system is not fit for purpose and it is going to cost me money. Wrote an e mail complaing, then filled in complaints form. Vodafone wrote and said they would contact me by phone. Four days later staff at Vodafone have not worked out how to ring me on my mobile phone. Not a Vodafone one, thank god, but on their network. I have been told nothing but lies that they had called me a number of times. To add insult to injury I am a shareholder! Have told them! Still treated badly. Ah well I am very disappointed. I have terminated my contract with my previous supplier. Unfortunately where we live there are few suppliers and even fewer offering a telephone connection. Mobile signal in house is very poor. I am on holiday at the moment so have use of internet. When I return home I have no way of getting this sorted. Thanks Vodaphone UK."
I have six accounts with at&t.The county changed the addresses on our road about 7 years ago every time I call to give them the proper address they tell me they have no service at the new address. Keep in mind i already have service at the physical location already. They tell me if I change the address I CANT get service so I cant give them the proper address that would be a problem with a 911 call going to an address that no longer exists.please someone with common sense help with this matter.
"Terrible service in the aberdeen area, pay for the full fibre 900 and for long periods of time over the last 4 months the speeds have been less than 10% of what I should get, often going below 10mbps, guaranteed speed is 450mbps, customer services go through the usual motions of switching everything off and on again until they eventually blame cityfibre who own the lines, however having done my research it seems that the other providers that use cityfibre lines don't have this issue... go figure, the worst part, can't leave without paying an extortionate termination fee due to temporary fixes meaning the low speeds aren't 30 days concurrent. AVOID AT ALL COSTSEdit to reply to below,Yeah, called your number to cancel, low and behold, through to technical department again, stating they need 48 hours for changes to be seen, as if, just stalling passing customers from pillar to post, so thank you vodafone uk for your irrelevant input"
"Horrible service and even worst customer service! On the phone for damn near 3 hours to add TWO LINES! What did Micheal the supervisor do, LIE! Talking about this would be easy yada ya. At the end of allat shi this mofo transfers me to an even worst agent that supposed to activate the lines, VANESSA a trash ass rep. REFUSES TO PUT A SUPERVISOR ON THE PHONE AND NEVER ACTIVATED NEITHER LINE! We will be switching to T-MOBILE."
"You must be very careful with this company and the extra charges they put on your bill. It is very important that you know that even if you are using your phone in airplane mode, with Wi-Fi they will still charge you for roaming. Their operating mode is to steal in one way or another."
"AT&T is a joke, they costumer service is useless, I cannot sign into my account and, they are asking for security questions, I have never seen before. so, I cannot get into my email. call after call and they told me it could take up to 30 days to get it fixed.  well time is up. still trying to get help, I need information that is in my email, I contact my cancer Dr with my email, also I have a lawyer I need to get information from my email to contact but they act like they do not care. I don't know what to do. as big as AT&T is you would think they could take care of a little email problem. I spoke today (9/16/24) to a guy and said they could not help me."
"Service is the best I've found, where i live.(BUT)! Why is it everytime they download something to my phone for an update it screws my phone up?!?!?!?!?!Right after DL some of my APPS don't work, I then have to REPLACE the App! I send a text message now and some kind of advertisement come up in the (D--)!!! TEXT!!! I would ask that no more DL' be sent to my phone, but then they would have some kind excuses as to why they do it, like it's a benefit to ME/AND I'M SURE THEY KNOW, WE KNOW ITS  (D--) LIE!!!Well if our Government does it then is OK, BUT NOT WITH ME!I don't desire a text, or an email telling me how sorry you are for my troubles because, I CANT STAND BEING LIED TO!!!"
"Would be a 0 have been on repair hold for over 3 hours now over a broken wire at my parents house. I have been given 4 different numbers to call and back to second number. At att they have no clue how to treat a customer. I can wait my turn but this is definitely the corporate run around. If I hear my department don't handle that one more time, we will cancel service and find a company that values a customer.It's all att get it together and forget about what services they ordered."
"Disconnected my number without warning, when I went to a branch for support, they were not interested in helping. Other networks are better."
l don`t know what l am paying for half the time you are not working or you are very very f...... slow  and you reckon you are the best oh l
THIS MAY BE AN AUTHORED DEALER BUT AT&T HAS THE WORST SERVICE. I JOINED MY HUSBAND PLAN SO WE CAN SAVE AND IT HAS BEEN THE WORST EXPERIENCE. MY DAUGHTER IS IN COLLEGE AND HER SERVICE IS NO GOOD UNLESS CONNECTED TO THE WIFI. MINE PHONE SERVICE DOESN'T EVEN WORK WHEN I GO OUT OF TOWN. THEY ARE HORRIBLE. IF YOU THINKING OF GETTING AT&T DON'T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Signing up for AT&T’s dedicated internet service has been one of the worst decisions our business has ever made. Despite having a signed contract outlining the agreed-upon costs, AT&T has charged us far more. To make matters worse, they’ve failed to apply the California Teleconnect Fund (CTF) credits that were clearly included in the agreement.When we’ve tried to fix these issues, their customer service has been an absolute disaster. They give nothing but false promises and empty reassurances. Every time we contact them, we’re passed off to another representative, creating an endless cycle of frustration with no resolution in sight.AT&T’s lack of accountability and their failure to honor their contracts has been a major regret. Avoid AT&T Business at all costs—it’s simply not worth the headache or the expense."
I only ever saw John in the store. As he is no longer there I will not go into the store again. The staff in the store now does not want to help older people.
"My experience with AT&T has been nothing short of a nightmare. It began when they accessed my backyard without permission while I wasn’t home, and during this time, a laptop was stolen. Despite raising concerns, nothing was done about the theft—no compensation, no accountability.Fast forward about a year later, when I attempted to deny AT&T technicians access to the utility pole on my property due to a lack of easement. Instead of handling the matter professionally, the technician refused to leave when asked, and the situation escalated alarmingly: I was threatened with a gun and bullied on my own property.The police were contacted, and a report was filed. However, even after AT&T conducted an ""investigation,"" no meaningful action was taken. Their resolution? Terminating my service. This response felt more like retaliation than a solution.AT&T's handling of these incidents demonstrated an utter lack of accountability, professionalism, and respect for customer safety and property rights. I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this company to anyone."
"I was given AT & T reward card with a value of $ 100.00Apparently there was some renovation going in house, entire floor remodeling including kitchen remodeling and we by mistake lost/ misplaced our reward card. The reward card was dated with expiration date of 4/24. We found that lost/misplaced card upon completion of remodeling, but it was too late since card was expired. I called reward card service and they mentioned may be AT & T customer service can help since card was issued with promotional services. Called customer service and based on talk with them, they refer back to card services.If both divisions belongs to AT & T one of them should able to resolve the matter with some kind of compensation/ replacement of card. But my all effort gone in vain. Not only that customer service even mentioned that we can reduced your phone bill by reducing your speed and that way you can save $ 10.00 per month in bill and recover your loss in next 10 month or so. I don’t understand that approach at all.At least they could have offered other way  by mentioning that ok let’s reduce your bill or give you break in different way to compensate.In my case basically it’s a total loss for me.I learned my lesson. I will wait and see what other companies will offer after such experience."
"I had a balance on my account which I requested to be credited into my bank account 5 weeks ago. I got back to them 4 times so far, and they finally credited a small amount of my balance. I am wondering how long it`s gonna take and how many times I have to get in touch with them until I get the total amount back. They treat customers as fools"
"They are horrible , a barrage wait time on the phone is 2 hours , took them 2 days to hook up wifi to my house while previously it would take about 3 hours , they don’t communicate or compensate, do not waste your money here, you’re better off using your data."
They took 1731.96 out of my account for phones I sent back. The shipping labels proved they received them and they still charged me and refused to give me a refund.
"Called to get internet service 1 month ago they failed to tell me that all employees are on strike and instead lead me to believe they would set up service 1 week from call date , that day came and went with no calls and no one showed up so i called and was advised then that they did not have any techs available and set us up for another apointment , 3 weeks later i get a text message on 9-11-2024 at 4 pm that they can not provide us with the service and they would call in another 7 days to rech service . DONT FNG  BOTHER . your service sucks if you can not even give customers a call and not the day before at 4pm that now you  can not provide service due to your employees not wanting to work you will never again get me to get service from you this is the worst experience i ever got from any company in 43 years , on top of all this i called to ask for a supervisor been on hold now 45 minutes im DONE ."
"If I could give 0 stars I would. Went into the shop and bought 24 month contract for sim only and broadband. After almost a week I wasn’t connected properly to my phone contract and I spent about 7 hours on the phone with the most useless tech support, every day telling me it will be within 24 hrs. Never shall I grace their door again."
The customer service was very rude and unprofessional.i have  being using mobile and WiFi connection to my residence for so many years but when i wanted to get my prepaid existing number change of my daughters to monthly plan the agent dint even care to offer me the packages instead trying to promote me a new number once. I scanned the qr for customer feedback his total actions change and was more friendly.but I still don’t want to complain but had to now after even so many times requesting for the same number to be activated he has just activated a new number when we put the new SIM card by the agent.i expected more better customer service from this outlet.
"I have been an ATT customer for 25+ years. My cousin passed away on 9/24 and I have been trying to return the iPhone that she purchased under installments in August. For almost 2 months I have spent countless hours either on hold or put in phone loops at ATT. No one knows what to do for me to send the phone back. I was told by a rep to take the phone to an ATT store and they could ship back. ATT store told me that they could not ship back and that they could not print off a shipping label. I was advised to go to a UPS store and give them her account number and they could print off a shipping label. UPS store stated that I needed to come with the label. I have tried to do the right thing with no help. I can’t even properly grieve the loss of my cousin for the hold times, the transfer times, the driving in car to stores. Your process for something like this is broken. All I need is a shipping label. Your reps have no sympathy or empathy for something like this."
"Their 8DAYEUROPE Fee excludes Turkey, but they hide that fact when you initiate it . So an extra charge of £42 for 5 day trip. Rip off."
"asked tamworth shop to help with update of whatsapp.guy in shop did something to my phone and gave it back saying for me to carry on . im 78 and not really up to speed with this so asked if he could help furthur . he then said it would cost me £25 for his time . then spoke to his colleague , i assumed was his manager, who said it had been company policy for years .my advice would be to avoid vodaphone unless you are an expert with mobiles."
"Awful, the advisor Ammr told me that I need to take out more lines when I only want one to get a special discount on my monthly bill if I then returned them a couple of days later.This sounds very dodge to me, as if it's something that benefits him and or vodafone. I decided that I would go elsewhere so I'm not being taken advantage of.I hope this gets raised as I'm concerned that other people have been tricked into doing this."
High prices at a high cost. Data breach after data breach. Companies tell us to protect our passwords looks like AT&T should do the same.
"I paid my brothers phone bill until his death on Sunday. I asked ATT to cancel that line. Kelly was extremely helpful and courteous. I upgraded my phones last June and the young man added another line to my account that was at no additional cost to me. I decided to cancel that line as well. Problem was he attached the installment plan for my upgraded phone to the new number. ATT will not attach the installment to my original phone number so to cancel that line I have to pay the phone off ($555.00). Lesson learned, ATT just sucks and I would advise you not to use them. You’re welcome."
"WE HAVE BEEN OUT OF SERVICE FOR 2 DAYS WITH NO WAY OF FINDING OUT WHEN IT WILL BE BACK ON... THE APP IS TERRIBLE,  THE CALL CENTER IS EVEN WORSE .. WITH ALL THAT SAID THE INTERNET SERVICE IS THE SLOWEST IN THE AREA. SPECTRUM IS FASTER BUT UNRELIABLE."
Internet outages - I have had 226 outages since MIDNIGHT last night.  I run a network monitoring tool on my computer that pings 3 of the major internet domain name servers every 2 seconds.  When the monitor tells me it is offline I cannot connect my browser to the internet and my streaming TV picture locks up. This is a running problem for over 7 months.  I get so tired of their canned menu driven troubleshooting process - I have rebooted my router over 100 times to no avail.  They replaced it three times since last December but I still have issues. I bought a new computer to eliminate my equipment as the cause. I replaced all my ethernet wiring with cat 6e.  Still have this problem. No alternative available due to some agreement the neighborhood developer made with AT&T so they are the only provider allowed here. I cannot trust my connection to do medical or banking transactions - I am baffled....
"I would give them a zero if I could. We had ATT for business phones, they sent a representative to our office named Jarod that said he had a great deal and we should switch to their cell service. We changed and were told and sent a paper that our bill would be $290 - much to our surprise the bill was $1600. We have made several attempts to get them to contact us and also to went to a store to get this fixed.  We were told they could make sure this transition would be easy and smooth and I asked three times that the $290 would be my first bill. Do not listen to this garbage and the billing that they screw you out of your money and then give you some crap that months up the road your bill will be lower!"
"They have by far the WORST cell service in the country I have to drive 3 miles from my house to get one bar to be able to call someone, it’s absolutely ridiculous. I randomly lose cell service all the time even while in town. Verizon was 10x better than this garbage!"
"I waited for almost 30 minutes with 1 girl helping another couple. She never said a word to me the entire time. Then in walks a.man with food. He walks to the back stays gone a few minutes then comes to help me. He was extremely rude as I told him I was glad he was there as I've been waited almost 30 minutes. He said no...nore like 25. I took my phone and said I'll go elsewhere. He said we'll thus is MY store and I replied that I was HIS customer. He was rude, arrogant and looked like he was on something."
"Worst phone company and broadband I've ever had. Paying for two contracts when I clearly cancelled June 2024, no refund and then mentioned I should be charged £180 cancellation fee. No offer for refund. So finally get the new sim of the upgraded contract, takes 18 days to arrive and now doesn't work, because they said it was ""lost"" in the post and will be sent a new one. Moved into our home may 2024, broadband didn't work for 6 weeks. Now I'm chained to them for another two years. Quite frankly can't wait to leave."
"November 14th, I place an order, receive confirmation, all ok.  November 15th, I call up just to ask some details only for them to tell me my order was cancelled the day before however I had not been told, if I hadn't called I would probably be waiting on installation day only for nobody to show up. Apparently they can't even schedule for a new installation until the previous tenant is out, can't we schedule things in advance this day and age.  They then tell you to wait until the previous tenant moves out before even scheduling the new install and by the way then you need to wait 2 weeks for installation, what, to turn a service on?  So I wait until November 23rd after the previous tenant moves out and has their service with vodafone terminated, make my order, receive an installation date of December 10th, great.  December 3rd, I call, ask if we can't speed things up as the previous tenant also had Vodafone full fibre service and I even have my own equipment, why can't I plug it in and they activate my service.  Nope, not possible, they want to send engineers out to dig up the garden and lay more fibre lines which was just already done for the previous tenant, oh, and at the same time I am told ""things on the back end somehow got turned around and we haven't even scheduled your installation"" so now it's been put back to the 16th.  If I had not called in on the 3rd would I now be waiting around on the 10th only to then be told installation would be around the 24th ie two weeks out.  Not only this but I have had issues with account creation and because so many things went wrong I will also miss out on the £75 voucher during sign up.  What a joke, I have had service installations all around the world and never anything like this, and you get told sorry sorry sorry but the only solution is that your installation gets pushed more and more back.  I just moved into a new place and need internet to buy furniture, set up smart devices etc but sorry, just wait a few more weeks.  My expectations at this point is they will mess up the scheduling again and I'll be lucky to get installed before new year.December 7th Update.The previous agent who placed my new order on December 3rd for installation on the 16th had promised to call me back and update me on the order status, I never heard from them.Here we are on December 7th, I call in, how is the status of my order I ask, ""oh sir, it's ben cancelled"", are you serious, why, who cancelled it and didn't even bother to notify me?New agent, we can place the order again, new installation date earliest available is December 19th...I wish I could give negative stars, this is the most disgusting level of service I have had in my 45 years on this planet from any provider on any continent I have lived.January 2nd 2025 Update.6 weeks after initial contact and countless calls and promises and guess what, still no installation, even promises from so called supervisors / customer support specialists to keep track of your order to make sure it completes and keep you informed, guess what, no order completed and you don't hear from them unless you call them and then you get the usual so sorry but not really sorry garbage.I am out...."
I shipped an ATT Uverse modem from Indiana to Michigan in 2016.  It was reported never shipped. ATT has agreement with UPS not to keep record.  This has affected my credit score for years.  This is corruption.  ATT cannot verify my shipment.
"Update of my 28 Dec Review. Although i have proved my broadband is 27MB/s slower than the guaranteed minimum speed, my proof is not enough (ex BB engineer). They have basically said, that's it, it's your kit, live with it. They are mis-selling their packages, I believe they are over subscribed and their core cannot cope. I am searching for another provider. Choose another provider."
"This company's software will flag your account. Lock your card, keep you from accessing your money and they won't do anything about it. They'll refresh your card and you have to wait 24 hours to access your money. This place is c*** I would not recommend it to anybody."
I would give this a minus star if I  could I had an emergency problem and this phone keeps hanging up its a disaster I recommend any one to research this company before doing business with them it's the worst service ever
"Vodafone,  I rang to get some help about my bill in July 2024 to explain the double payment the call handler was rude and spoke over me.  I rang again as the same thing happened in October 2024, I requested to discuss this with someone in charge as I was getting no help.  I was kept waiting on the phone for 30mins with no explanation.  I will take this further."
I gave one because I can't put none but I buy my Samsung Flip 5 inside of a promotion and in the promotion doesn't said that need to buy it online and both customer service and neither a manager could help me with this offers and I buy it inside of the offer
Absolutely shocking. Had broadband since March and had nothing but issues. Constantly calling to be told no issues. Now I have no broadband service at all to be told can't get anyone out until Tuesday. So I have to go from yesterday until Tuesday with no Internet at home. Can't work. Can't watch TV. Get it together Vodafone. I will be cancelling my dd and not paying for any services until you fix the issues
"worst service ever !! Im in Thailand all my friends either had a ESIM card or their Carrier  gave them either free days or signed them up for a one month international plan at a very good price .AT&T Does neither ! You can NOT get a intl plan you have to pay 12.99 a Day! You can NOT use a SIM card, AT&T  Carrier will not allow it unless your phone is paid off and even then only certain ones .. so I have to pay 190.00 for 2 week vacation. And they said today counted because I called THEM!! would not even credit me for calling them .. They just want you to give more money to them!!I’m a Realtor in Washington and since I switched , I can’t tell you how bad the service is , literally showing a house in the city and No service !! embarrassing to clients  !! switching carriers as soon as I get Back !! Horrible Company!"
I have been LOYAL customer for close to 20 that is twenty years and lately they have chosen me my account to be slowest internet speed 4.12 down load speed and upload of 1.32 that is a disgrace for your service of $55 dollars a month
I NEVER get my promo credit! They NEVER HAVE MY BILL THE SAME! The customer service is TRASH! They steal customers Money! The service is just crap! I don’t understand why I have to call monthly and I still don’t get MY CREDIT! This is complete crap! GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!
Don’t do it.  Loyalty stands for nothing with this company.  The service is subpar.  I get kicked off the internet at home frequently.
"Bought a new phone and had to send my old phone in for credit.  I explained to the ""service""(joke) rep that i was in remote Alaska and it would take at least one month for my old phone to get back to them and not to charge me if it was past the due date.  They said no problem, and then added a 300 dollar charge to my account because my phone got there three days late.  No one can help me, not one rep offered any solution.  I really hate dealing with this company."
Don’t get AT&T they are not honest about their pricing
"ATT customer is the ABSOLUTE worst that I have ever encountered. I own a business and if my customer service was as bad as ATT I would be out of business.  An ATT representative disabled my ATT.net email while trying to make another change three days ago.  So far I have spoken with literally 17 customer service reps, chatted online with 5, and visited my regions ATT corporate store.  And after spending HOURS AND HOURS ON HOLD, have not received one bit of assistance in fixing the problem.  Went back to the corporate store today and complained to a manager (the assistant store manager - Jonesboro, AR) about the horrible customer service.   His reply was that if I didn’t like the service to go somewhere else.  After three days of this…I AM BEYOND READY TO CHANGE CARRIERS!!!!  I need access to my email NOW!!!!"
Well let’s start with the fact that I’ve had T-Mobile for quite sometime and yet they decided to screw me over with international calls. I went overseas for work for 2 months. My phone was on WiFi calling I made sure and this isn’t my first time overseas doing this. They told me I had $434 charges in international calls and I argued with them but unfortunately they sent it to collections. So my advice to anyone is to steer clear of Tmobile and as a veteran I do not recommend them. Money hungry companies like this need to be shut down and they need to be held accountable for destroying peoples credit. Funny how phone companies don’t boost your credit yet they can destroy your credit… Seems fair.
"I called to open and account and port my existing number (from family plan) to this new account. 15 days later, 6 representatives on the phone and 2 visits to the physical store:1. The price per month is higher than was quoted on opening the account and the plan is different2. the porting was problematic and i had to deal with it with 5 different people3. once the ""temporary"" number was canceled, i was locked out of my account as this was the number still used for text to log me in4. I was charged for 2 lines, when i only opened an account for one line and i explained this to 5 different people.5. incompetent Customer Service reps and multiple departments handing the same issue.End result: 15 days later i'm on a trip still dealing with it for hours and it's not done.Can't get ""transfer my phone to a new T-mobile account"" TODO off my list in 15 days."
"Went with them and ported my number over , previous provider gave me a better deal to stay and they were unable to give me a new PUK number making it impossible to leave them , I logged a complaint and then they cancelled my number and now I am unable to retreieve it even when I went into the shop with my ID as Ive been told to do for nothing , Very unhelpful never ever go with them"
"More than 2 weeks vodafone Egypt not able to fix my issue, I am not receiving sms from outside of Egypt, is anybody care about real customer service over here, no, they just make tries and failed time after time, and every time the CS just say in 24 hours it will be solved, in 48 hours it will be solved, I escalated the issue and it will be solved, and nothing is solved,Egypt CS is useless, totally useless !!"
"First, I filled out all the info on the website, and everything seemed okay; after hitting the ""Submit order"" button, I was redirected to a screen with a message saying that it might take ""up to 2 minutes."". 30 minutes later, it was still showing the same message. I contacted their support via chat, and they advised me to try again. So..., I tried again. I went to the final order confirmation screen and hit submit, but it got stuck again.I contacted the support again; TOBi (their ""AI"" chat) asked the same questions repeatedly, clearly losing all context from the previous session. Eventually, I connected to a super helpful agent who offered to create the account and manually sign me up for the broadband. It took forever, but we worked through all the details, verified my ID, did the credit check, and agreed to all the contractual details. Then, just as we were about done, the chat just disconnected. No message, no error. Just nothing,Reloaded the screen, only for a chat to start all over again. TOBi is pretty retarded, asking the same circuitous questions... Eventually, I got connected to a new agent. I asked if I could be transferred back to the previous agent and was told they couldn't do that. Had to answer all the security questions all over again (despite being logged in to the account at this point!)Long story short, the new agent said I'd have to start the whole process again, verify my ID, provide all my details, do a credit check, etc. At this point, I just said, ""No, thank you."" By this point, I had been trying to sign up for broadband for three hours, and I reached my limit. The agent was thankfully understanding, but yeah...I went with Plusnet. It literally took me 5 minutes to sign up, create an account, and transfer from my current provider. Amazing."
"Had three weeks to set everything up, still nothing works, I have to wait till midnight, apparently for the service to go live.The agent didn't find any of the records from the previous conversation (few hours ago), so the team are either lying about keeping those records or him not being able to find them."
Moved for talk talk with no problems but got a better price from Vodafone. Had nothing but trouble since moved. The Vodafone router is rubbish and does not reach WiFi in to my room so rang Vodafone and now say I need a booster and need to upgrade. When I first took it out they said there modem was the best . Spent hours on phone what a bad service.
GARBAGE COMPANY. Can’t wait to get Verizon. I don’t even know why I gave these guys a chance what a joke. I didn’t know I would be charged for international minutes at 3 dollars a minute! A 30 minute phone call cost me almost a 100$ and they won’t waive it. Goodbye never EVER again.
Their sales representing stole my phones and never gave me credit. F CK ATT. F cking crooks
"My phone line installation through BT was cancelled without Vodafone telling me. Stayed in for the appointment, nothing. Called Vodafone to see why, there had been an issue with the switch; again they made no attempt to contact me to resolve the issue or to cancel the appointment. I complained and had to start the entire process again. Because I had originally done this through a 3rd party reward (£125 gift card) I lost the incentive due to it being 3rd party and not available anymore. I complained as I had to wait another 4-6 weeks for the installation process. This was brought forward thankfully and I was advised they would provide compensation for the troubles; never happened.After a few months calls began to appear on our bill. We have no landlines phone, never plugged one in and never made a single call. Yet all they would say is they're ""legitimate"" calls. The first manager who dealt with this (in June) was excellent. Sorted out the charges and at my request but a call bar on the line to stop further charges appearing. Every month since we have been charged with calls, no one is taking my complaint seriously. They just like to point out all the ""charges"" of hundreds that are against our landlines. I've been in touch with the fraud team, line has not been hacked, so nothing else is worth investigating. I am always refused when I ask to speak to someone other then the basic call agent. It always has to be a callback upto 24 hours later. I'm refused when I ask to speak to complaints, I ask the issue to be escalated and still nothing. Today I even had an agent tell me that you can not bar landlines to stop calls being made and refused to let me speak about the complaint to anyone else.The agent even told me there was nothing I could do, no external governing bodies even denying a ombudsman could be used. He denied everything until I mentioned CISAS and then still refused me the chance to speak to anyone else and I'd have to wait 24 hours.6 months of the same issue and I'm treated like this? Congratulations Vodafone for not helping me at all**Update**Interesting how they have been in touch so much since I put my complaint into the sphere. After speaking to different people, none of which told me they had cancelled my contract, they have resolved the charges but then the complaints team told me it was cancelled and that they could not restore it, even though their mistakes caused the whole problem. If I wanted it back I would have to go through the whole process from the beginning to start a new contract. Utterly ridiculous, why would I be willing to start a new contract after all this? Gone to Plus net, cheaper, quicker and no phone line which take this whole issue out of the equation."
"I’ve had T-Mobile internet for less than a month. It has been down three times with no notice, even when it’s planned maintenance.This is 2023 T-Mobile, you should have;1 sent out notices2 have an automated line for outages because your outsource help is less than worthless.3 have number that will update on your outages.Knock knock, it’s almost 2024."
"Always been with BT who are very reliable but too expensive so wanted to give Vodafone a go and i regret my decision. 24h from the activation day the router just died completely so was left without broadband for more than 3 days and had to drive to work from the office. When the new router arrived, the speeds have been fluctuating so much. At times instead of the contract 150Mbs i got around 1Mbs in the evening and and now while working in the morning between 3 and 45Mbs of download speed. Thankfully i’m still in a 14 day cooling off period to switch to Sky. What’s worse is i’m in Newbury where the Vodafone headquarters are and i get even worse service! It is also not very clear what number to call when there are issues and you need to use their awful chat service which slows things down."
Edit to Vodafone response below . I have tried phoning customer services for hours . No one had a clue to resolve the issue. Wasted hours .(Main message)I had to leave this company after poor customer service .Their customer service via the app chat atrocious . Wouldn’t help me with a simple contract merge . They wanted me to pay for two accounts simultaneously. Even though it’s one account as I upgraded. Then I have to pay 30days extra even though I am out of contract and gave notice to cancel
"Terrible company owes me $1100, was rude; just terrible. Now dragging me along. Stay wat"
HorribleWe haven’t even been with them a month & I want to leave which I would if it wouldn’t effect credit. I will only list a few things 1st they lied in store we switched over from our another company which we liked only reason we switched was due to the in store customer service at location near us. ((I regret leaving now) they offered us a great deal on phones watches etc the one watch they did not have at the moment gentlemen helping us said come back Thursday(was Tuesday we were there) offer will still be good we can override the fee u will get watch for same price which was $26 so we got the one went back Thursday get to the second watch all of a sudden things changed can’t do it wanted well over $100 which I would of if they said that but I was pissed and they should of honored it like they said so I left annoyed.So that was that then they still set watch up and had linked to our phone yet never received watch was a biotch to get that corrected couldn’t do it in the store(of course) and customer service kept telling us it was in the mail was not understanding we didn’t get the watch it was not being sent etc. u can tell they r reading a script and have no real knowledge of anything majority of the time. so I should of known that the bad taste was going to continue to linger. I feel the service is horrible got new iphone 1/2 stuff don’t work can’t connect. I had a refurbished older version iPhone and had way better connection before . I would not recommend this company to anyone I heard so many bad things since this company has been out I stayed away due to that reason for many years. We decided give it a try plus they lured us in with the great deal should of stayed away big mistake. Like I said hasn’t even been a full month and on top of all this I’m paying almost $200 a month more to be miserable and in happy with service and not being able to use all the functions cause connection blows. If thinking about switching please do yourself a favor don’t. I never write reviews ever but I had to if this helps even 1 person. Don’t make same mistake cause I’m stuck now. I wish I could give it a positive one i at the moment have not one positive thing to say except they are good liars.
I wanted to pay my AT@T Mobility Bill on the telephone. Voice mail said that. To talk to a live representative. You will be charged a $5.00 Dollar convience fee on next bill. We all know that this business already hits us with alot of nonsense fees already. This is unreal. To be charged a convience fee to pay your bill.
They don't look out for there costumes it's all about the money be paying for 2 years on time lost my job out of work for 3 months they don't care please don't go to them they boss don't care either been on the phone with them all day
"If you click start chat on cancel order page , takes you to gaming site.Ha, I love the response, I, a customer can use my time contact another person at Vodaphone, but this department in Vodaphone will do bugger all. AMAZING. This reply certainly justifies my 1 star"
"The Vodafone network is by far the worst mobile network in the UK. The network has been unavailable in my area for over 3 months (Vodafone are aware), with no indication as to when it will be fixed. My wife, two kids and I are all moving to a different company that actually cares about its customers."
"T-Mobile says iPhone on us. That means free to the consumer. They deceive you with statement credits which require you to stay with them for 24 months or you pay full price for the phone, now your a hostage. It took 3 weeks to receive a ""free phone"" just to find out it's not truly free. If it was free, I'd be free to leave anytime due to poor CS , poor signals and outright crappy overall verbage from their "" global partners"" poor understanding of the English language. There's no freedom in Amerika or with T-Mobile. If your looking for more deceptive practices in your life, hook up with Satan and his minions at T-Mobile. You'll get with anger."
"For the love of humanity and god, Do not ever choose ATT. They are open criminals and will do anything to siphon money from you. I thought ATT was a big company and they had millions of cell towers so they must be good. But I made the mistake of not checking trustpilot.. They have 1 star overall review which is INSANE. Do yourself a favor and go with Usmobile, mint mobile,redpocket, or Tmobile. They would not let me cancel my port request, wouldn't let me cancel my service, and they ship you out a ESIM instead of emailing you it."
"I switched to Vodafone broadband from another provider. They advertised that they offer up to £100 credit to cover early contract termination fees.Firstly, the offer is deceptively worded. It is not up to £100. Later I found it was only up to £25. Then they expect me to fill in a form to claim the £25. I did this and it was rejected. I sent them the bill from my previous provider, but it wasn't enough for them. And I sent them my bank statement showing the leaving fee I had to pay. Still not enough. They have me running around in circles trying to claim £25 that I'm entitled to."
"Had their Broadband installed. Please do not go with these.Absolutely terrible.They make the old copper internet look fast and reliable.The Hub, well not a good word can be said about it.Have to keep powering it off, to get it to work.Please avoid for your sanity"
T mobile is robbing seniors. They upped me 15. Let's all move over to Pure Talk. T Mobile does not respect us.
I purchased an extender due to my internet coming in and out the extender was right next to my tv made no difference this company charged me still for months I never used service had to do a chargeback had Elisabeth from AT&T presidential services reach out acting like she would help she completely stopped responding to my emails. I won’t ever trust this company again !
The company offices an unlimited cell services so I had this issue with Metro PCS and they corrected it because I would run out of data for my time was up on my monthly plan I said with your offering unlimited why they need to upgrade my planning from running out of data and they changed it well I'm with AT&T now and I have unlimited but after I pay my bill two weeks into the plan they send me a text and says I'm almost capped at my data but if it's Unlimited I should be capped at all so I have to go make an additional payment to free up more data why do I have to feel more data if it's Unlimited when you try to call them it's hard to get through to them they're trying to capture your line and send you through all these queries and options so you can't even talk to representative they're misleading the public some misrepresentation and I call it fraud and file a complaint with the FCC and the internal General because unlimited it means there's no ceiling on the amount of data you can use but AT&T is manipulating as consumers and this has to stop
I wish I could leave zero stars because their customer service is absolutely horrible and all they do is lie to you! I spoke with CS representatives after waiting on hold for hours (2) and then once I got a rep on the phone it was a series of being placed on hold several times while they supposedly were talking to their manager/back office staff or supposed help desk and in then end I wasted over 4 hours of my life and they were unwilling to help absolutely the worst customer service I’ve ever had the experience to deal with and the service is subpar compared to my old carrier (Verizon Wireless) which I had for over a decade (30y) and I would have never switched but my bill was out of control and they were offering new subscribers a better price and loyalty means nothing to them but in hindsight I wish I never left if I knew how shitty the service was and how awful the customer service is well buyer beware STAY AWAY FROM ATT!! They are the worst
Anytime you need to talk to someone they transfer you around for an hour or 2. They don’t give any info to the person  you’re transferred to meaning you have to start over. Or they transfer you to the main customer service number where you also have to start over.
Hi can I am ask You Mr Supervisor wath is our Name?
"I've been without internet since Christmas Eve.  While AT&T employees were at home enjoying their internet, paying customers were at home WITHOUT working internet.  AT&T is not communicating with customers regarding restoration times.  I'm paying for internet service that I cannot use."
"The WORSE INTERNET SERVICE EVER!!!, Customer Services it always has a perfect justification for the superbad service,  they never find the solution to make the service better,  me, my family and many friends just can't wait to finish the stupid contract with themTERRIBLE SERVICE,  PLEASE DO NOT WASTE MONEY AND TIME!!! SERIOUSLY"
I would give zero Stars if I could this company is scamming. their fees are outrageous and they're not detailed whatsoever they completely get you on late fees and reconnection fees 2 months after you had thought bill was paid in full they are completely unclear and they lie when you talk to them through service
"Big mistake on my part switching from T-Mobile to ATT. Since then, in order to connect my phones properly I must have spent 20 to 30 actual hours on the phone with various assistants from all over the world, in which ""most"" of them are very hard to understand, and seem to pull out an answer from a cheat sheet in front of them. 10 months later I'm still having issues.I now just called because I received a special offer for current customers that have Fiber optic Internet service, and they are telling me that the special offer does not apply to me. But when I read the offer thru the email they have sent me it clearly said for current customers upgrading to 1 Gig. with no other services needed.Apparently I don't know how to read! What has become to our wonderful old Country. Going downhill fast. I can't for the services to end so I can ditch ATT for good."
"As of today, 10-19-2024, I had another disappointing experience at the AT&T store located at 2510 S Telegraph Road, Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302, involving the manager, Jon. I traded in my iPhone 13 as part of the $700 off promotion on the iPhone 16. After setting up my new phone, I asked Jon to show me the promotion details on AT&T's website, citing a past issue where I didn't receive my full credit for three phones at this location. The manager, Forrest Hughes, handled the two phones in 2022. Jon refused to assist me, stating it wasn't his job, and became very dismissive. When I handed him my phone to help find the information, he attempted to navigate the AT&T website for about a minute but couldn't locate the details. At this point, he threw my phone on the table and rudely told me that my previous bad experiences were due to ""bad people"" who didn't represent AT&T.Fortunately, another employee, Aayan, stepped in and found the trade-in information within one minute. Aayan was polite and professional throughout the interaction, which starkly contrasted with Jon's rude behavior."
for starters they suspended my account and when i contacted them they said it was “accidental” and unsuspended it. not to bad but then i couldn’t change my plan or view any other plans in app. i opened a triuble ticket and nothing happened so i was stuck with my call/text unlimited only. NO DATA and then the next month i got charged 466 dollars for data roaming and using excessive data when i had NO DATA and 0 BYTES USED. contacted customer support and got told nothing they could do and then they recommended upgrading my plan and getting their home internet. this company is terrible and a scam. don’t recommend
Horrible customer service constantly raising prices.It actually seems Like they are intentionally try too loose customer's .
The service on a brand new iPhone works the same with 4 bars as it does with 1 aka it doesn’t work plus the terrible iPhone 15 pro max which is supposed to be amazing can barley do shi with even WiFi it 2024 I would like to open google and make a call on my phone but ig that’s too much to ask
"Vodafone think it's great to breach GDPR, talk over me and lie to me And then have the audacity to imply I'm wrongSort it outYou have my phone number I suggest your complaints team use it"
"I ported my network to other network and I was initially told ill get full refund which is there in my vodafone account, but unfortunately today when I called for refund 5% cancellation fees were applied which was very annoying, it seem whenever yhe provider wants they get different policy in place as per situation and never advice before.Shame and I would never recommend anyone for vodafone.I did not had any contract it was pay as u go i have to recharge bundle every month"
"We were sold ATT cellular at $120 p/m for 4 lines and new iPhones included.  We were happy with T Mobile at $170 but saving $50 per month and getting new phones is a good deal.  After several weeks of hell it’s apparent that the sales rep lied through his teeth.  Our bill is well into the high $200s and as of yet no one can really confirm what it will be in the end, but it certainly won’t meet his written quote.  ATT keeps giving us different stories and can’t seem to confirm anything.  This is just an atrocious con and the salesman and his supervisor have ghosted us."
"I simply want to remove Alexa device from Vodafone One Number and add my iPaid Air with e-sim.* Spent all morning messaging Vodafone support on X* Spent an hour with Tobi BOT then human chat* Spent another hour on 191speaking to humansAfter all this i am no further forward!Complaint 1.  One of the support people transferred me to sales to get rid of me!Complaint 2.  A lady i spoke to tried her best for 30 minutes or so but in the end admitted she was unable raise anyone in technical!Complaint 3. Apparently what i want can only be done on 191 by speaking to technical, cannot be done on app or by lesser mortals.How does one get to speak to someone who has technical knowledge and access to systems to make changes? In the end i hung up and gave up.So, Vodafone when you reach out to me please do not suggest i call 191 but instead give a direct number to someone who knows their onions.I have lost a day put of my life and now have high blood pressure and generally a poor opinion of Vodafone."
"WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER and BILL INCREASED DRASTICALLY with no explanation. I called Customer Service to sit on hold for 17 minutes and then ""try"" and speak with the person who could barely speak English.  I was trying to resolve an issue from the previous month when I called and was told it was ""all fixed now.""  SURPRISE, still messed up.  All these representatives do is keep saying ""please hold,"" ""I am sorry about your experience but rest assured I will assist you,""  and when you tell them that the information you were provided the last time you called and they are now saying ""I am sorry that is  wrong but I will assist you,"" and you get completely different information.  I have been with AT&T for over 10 years and the past couple of years their customer service is AWFUL!!!!!   Can't speak English clearly to understand, have NO IDEA what they are saying and information they are providing, and everyone tells you something different!!  My elderly parents and my aunt are also with AT&T and unfortunately I have tried to assist both of them the past few weeks and also had horrible experiences (not to mention the phone calls both lasted over an hour and a half)!    I have already switched to Verizon (as of yesterday) and I will be assisting my parents and aunt leave AT&T this weekend.  Hard to believe that about 5 years ago I actually wrote another review for AT&T giving them 5 stars and talking about how they were one of the ""few companies left who still truly believed in good customer service; and although the outcome of my conversation wasn't exactly what I hoped for, the customer service representative was polite, knowledgeable, and took the time to explain everything to me.""  What happened AT&T?????"
"T-Mobile was hacked around 2023 and since thenmy phone is flooded with daily text messages askingfor donations to Trump campaign, my opinions aboutRepublican candidates, surveys and messages fromcandidates. Reporting text as junk and delete doesn’t help because random numbers continue.Only eats up my iOS memory."
"WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO ATT❓ The customer service the last couple of years has gotten progressively worse!I have invested hours trying to speak to a NATIVE ENGLISH SPEAKING CUSTOMER SERVICE SUPERVISOR!No matter how many times you say ‘Customer Service’ you are routed to ANDY…which only half works in any given day! Then you are transferred to a recording that gives you an option for a ‘call back’…one that never comes!SO YOU START OVER JUST TO KEEP BEING LOOPED AROUND AND AROUND! FINALLY GET SOMEONE AND CAN’T UNDERSTAND MOST OF WHAT THEY ARE SAYING!This company has sent a clear message that they do not care about us as customers and ALL THEY CARE ABOUT IS GIVE ME YOUR MONEY!I left Sprint over 20 plus years ago and my family came to ATT because the customer service was so bad! ONLY RECENTLY HAS ATT BASICALLY BECOME THEM IN HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!It is so frustrating to have to spend this much time trying to get through to someone! My daughter was smart enough to leave 5 years ago to T Mobile and we were too stupid to leave! Because we have been with ATT for more than 20 years, I tried to hang but it’s time! This is outrageous!"
"The worst experience EVER!I wish I can give zero star here.Here is a story: decided to try a service for Apple watch I bough for my kid, but the service for watch does not work without a phone, so I decided I do not need that service (i did not activate that service, I did not use it a single second), tried to cancel it and was NOT able to do so!!! Went to customer support online, over the phone, two different stores and answer was the always the same - ""Im sorry we are not able to cancel this service without passcode"" (and thats after I provided all possible IDs - passport, SSN, driver license). So I decided to just remove my payment method from that NEWER USED service and guess what - ATT contacted me for no payments and threaten they will go to collectors.P.S Recommendations to ATT managers (PMs, TPMs, etc): learn the ""breaking glass scenario"" and implement it!P.P.SThe ""breaking glass scenario"" refers to a contingency plan that is put in place for emergency situations (ex: no passcode and client wants to cancel the service - they should able to do so!!!!)"
"Absolute lack of communication and cancellation of my order without any reason means that now I will lose a lot of money having to substitute broadband until another provider can activate it.For context, I'm moving house and on 6th October I placed an online order for Vodafone broadband for my new home. I have received all confirmations, and few days later my bank notified me of a new Direct Debit for Vodafone being set-up.A day before the move (today), I checked on the progress of the order via a tracker, just in case. To my surprise, the order is CANCELLED. When I asked one of the advisers, all they said was that there is no stated reason for this.This means that I wasted a week waiting for an order that will never come, and now the soonest I can get a broadband active in my new home is in 2 weeks time.I work from home and require reliable broadband connection, so now I will have to either spend A LOT of money on daycare and commute to the office every day, or spend also A LOT of money for some mobile router and/or some high data plan, and pray that it will be reliable enough.I will never even attempt to be a Vodafone customer after this experience, if you can't even handle sales properly, which is literally the easiest part of the customer journey."
"This morning our wifi went down and it turns out that vodafone have accidentally closed our account instead of starting a new one. They have admitted it was their mistake but have now said they cannot get us up and running again until the 31st December which is 3 weeks away! We live in a house with very low signal so we are unable to data hotspot and 2 people work permanently from home. I am absolutely appalled that there is nothing they can do to reactivate our account or fast track us to a new account when it was their mistake and they are leaving us in a position with no wifi for 3 weeks over Christmas. Absolutely no customer service or consideration for their customers to rectify this issue which was their own mistake to start with, beyond disappointed, stay away from this company."
"Almost an unimaginably low level of customer service.  Once you are lucky enough to actually talk to a service representative, they appear to be friendly and willing to address your issue.  But appearances are deceiving, as are the commitments made by the representatives.Do not trust or believe anything the service rep says or promises.  Get it in writing.  Oh, wait, they won't put it in writing, and they won't check the calls that are supposedly ""recorded for quality control"" to see what kind of lies the rep told you as an inducement to get or keep you as a customer.I have been fighting with AT&T since March in an attempt to have them honor the price concession they promised as an incentive for my purchase of an IPhone 15 Pro Max.  To date, there is still no resolution.  Each representative spoken with gives the same standard BS response, namely that the case has been approved, and it will take 2 to 3 billing cycles for the appropriate credits to appear.Thinking of using AT&t as your mobile carrier?Expect the worst, and you will not be disappointed."
The staff are a joke as soon as you have a problem don’t want to know when I have paid for my phone in a few months will see if I can go with another service provider the staff and customer service are a joke
"I would go negative if possible. I was with ATT over 10 years. Went to the Levelland, Texas store and had the worst experience ever!!!!   DO NOT use this store. Drive to Lubbock if you need to go to a store.   I am leaving ATT over this experience."
"Vodaphone phoned me twice in the last ten minutes in spite of me being on the TPS (telesales preference service) which means I don’t want cold call telesales.Vodaphone is a horrible company and gave me useless service- I could never get a signal. When I complained and said I wanted to cancel the contract they said I’d have to pay to get out of it. I complained and eventually got some compensation but God knows how many important calls I missed, including from the hospital when I needed to go in emergency"
T-Mobile is a complete damn scam. I paid the bill. That’s why I got rid of my phone. I didn’t like the service I’m on the phone talking to it’s  cut off. I paid the bill. They bill me for $1.25 keep adding me fees for Phone that I don’t have. That’s why I got rid of the complete scam.
"Absolutely Terrible service, internet doesn’t work even though you pay an extortionate amount a month for their service. Would advise everyone not to use their services."
The majority of the customer care specialists have no clue what they are doing.  They read a script.   I had to call multiple times this week trying to resolve and issue with a phone and it was HORRIBLE. I wasted hours on the phone - one rep was very helpful but the info she gave was incorrect - and led to more calls and trips to the store - then I escalated to a supervisor - only to find out after 90 minutes on the phone with him - the info he gave me wasn't accurate because he is in a different time zone - my question was - how do I know that?  Shouldn't he know that?   So they told me they were trying just to set the expectations - it ended with my reply of - no your not setting the expectations - you are telling me that once again T-Mobile is failing and not fulfilling their obligations for the 2nd time this week.   I've been with Sprint/T-mobile for 21 years and am seriously considering a change.
"The services really sucks i can't even connect to the app when i got 5G indicated in my screen and to top it up i am paying a lot for this and they won't even fix the issue i had for six months. I am constantly being charged for ""one time charge"" restoral fee that is not even my fault. I have talked to 5 or 6 agents that says the same thing that they can help with the issue and at the end all results are the same. They will waste the time chatting and ask tge same questions and instead of fixing the issues they will just go in circles and to end it with they could not help and the issue is with the other department and they are closed already and have to schedule but when you schedule a call back for the next day guess what? Nobody will call. I got all the chat scripts that i downloaded i got screen shots and screen recording of the 5G that can't even connect to the their app just to prove it whenever i need it. I constantly ask for support to have my issues resolve and i don't think something is being done. I don't care if i pay 160$ per month for a reasonable service but not like this. I checked all the bill i payed and there is a lot of restoral and one time payment that they charged me they charged me double on some bills. Somehow my fault coz i don't check it but now i checked everything and add all of it damn i payed more than i need to and they are robbing me in front of my face all the time. So if you are at&t subscriber and don't check what is on your bill, you better start checking it all."
"Any slight change always goes wrong!I have been a customer with Vodafone for 5 Years +, every time I have moved house, changed my plan, updated details etc, something always goes wrong with my order.And in true Vodafone fashion when I move to a different provider even though I received confirmation my contract is cancelled, the process does not work and I have to contact them directly, again!"
"Started an account with AT&T.  They came out and installed everything.  The techs that came out to bury the cable buried it two inches into the ground (supposed to be six inches deep).  The next door neighbor's dogs chewed up the wire after that so I lost signal. Two days later, they came back out and reconnected it.  The dogs chewedthrough the wire AGAIN.  I canceled the account.  I was told wouldn't be charged for the week of service I received because of my bad experience.  Three weeks later, AT&T used my banking info to charge my account $262.72, disrupting my finances and causing me to file a dispute with my bank that involved providing testimony, a time-line of events and the receipt from the equipment being returned."
"Very likely the worst customer service amongst telecom companies. Lost my phone while traveling in Europe, and tried to get a new SIM card to install in a temporary phone one of my family members gave me. Spent €180 in phone calls with them, in which I was told that the first SIM i was sent was not the correct one because it had a protection feature that could not be removed; and after the supposedly “correct” second SIM was received, ran into exactly the same problem. The reps on the phone don’t seem to know anything that has to do with international travel situations, and they refuse to let you talk to supervisors and managers. It’s a total disaster…"
My broadband content control doesn't work and after 2 weeks of trying they still couldn't fix it which exposed my kids to adult content. Despite not being able to fix it they refuse to cancel my contract so I can move to other provider.
"If I could give zero stars I would. Cancelled my order TWICE without my knowledge or permission leaving me over three weeks into a new home with no broadband. I rely on broadband for work and they don’t seem to understand the seriousness of my situation. They have refused to see if they can activate me as per my second cancelled order date, instead offering me a sim to put into my O2 phone! I would never recommend Vodafone broadband to anyone."
We allowed ATT workers in our property to do their work in our backyard. I had asked them nicely to clean up after they finish their job and to make sure they leave things as they were. I took photos to show the disarray they left upon finishing their tasks five days ago. I shared this information with ATT reps and they have been unable to send someone to arrange those items lying on the ground in the manner they had originally found them. Quite irresponsible!
I shipped an ATT Uverse modem from Indiana to Michigan in 2016.  It was reported never shipped. ATT has agreement with UPS not to keep record.  This has affected my credit score for years.  This is corruption.  ATT cannot verify my shipment.
"Charge more for a slower artificially capped service.  Tried to use their chat but 'Demi' was useless and did not assist in any way.You can currently get fibre 1 for £24 a month with a £30 voucher or fibre 2 for £23 a month with a £80 voucher. Fibre 1 is a slower, artificially capped version of fibre 2."
"Worst service I have ever experienced. Signed up for Wifi and had to wait 4- 6 weeks for installation. The number of times I had to call to confirm dates for installation, only to have them cancel on the day and then on the second visit say we need to remove a tree from our yard! They even did a pre-instalment visit to check if the property would need any changes before the install - and of course they said NO we didn’t.After 4 weeks with no service and the only offer they had was to try some other provider or wait another 2-3 weeks.Awful, Awful Awful!"
F***ing  shit data plans your 4G is w**kand hope u go bust
"This place has stolen  well over $250.08 from me and has been caught in many lies by me and my bank, as they were called on a 3way call and I have a copy of each transaction  that tmobile usa inc wants to lie about  and completely refuses to fix my account  abd hold the person  accountable."
"I recently had fibre broadband installed and the engineer did a poor job, leaving a hole in the brickwork which will allow rain and insects into the fabric of the building. I called Vodafone and spoke to a lady in Egypt. She put me on hold 5 times whilst she spoke to engineers(no doubt back in the UK). I was then told to fix it myself. I said this was impossible as the damage us at first floor level. She the gave me to register for a claim form, which I did. The form asks for me to get estimates and submit for, I assume compensation. Vodafone do not seem bothered, putting the onus on the customer to sort damage caused by their appointed engineers. Dreadful service and no help whatsoever. It would take the engineer 10 minutes to sort, but instead I end up with the worry and inconvenience."
"Worst customer service. I have called about the same technical issue multiple times, at least twice a month for the last 6 months, and spent at least 3 hours every time I called ... No technical knowledge what so ever, no professionalism, and a total waste of time and money ..."
"I'm utterly disappointed with Vodafone. I feel trapped in their 24-month contract with zero flexibility. If you try to leave early, be prepared for sky-high cancellation fees, even though their service is downright terrible!The network is unreliable, with constant signal drops and slow speeds, making it impossible to use my phone for even basic tasks. As for customer service, it's a nightmare—endless waiting times, unhelpful staff, and no resolution to any issue,making fun of you when you mention about offers from other providers.It's as if they don't care once you're locked into their contract.On top of that, their prices are way too high for the poor service they offer. Honestly, you'd expect premium service for what you're paying, but all you get is frustration.Avoid Vodafone if you can—they force you into long contracts with no way out unless you want to pay extortionate fees. You're better off looking elsewhere for better service at a more reasonable price!"
An AT&T employee used my account to open an  account under my name I  was paying his bill for 14 months I found out from a friend who works there they would not tell me why an sent his bill to collection under my name an would correct this fraud an it’s still against my credit
Why customers got to pay extra 5 dollars to make. Payment in store when store is empty and nothing going on and the coverage sucks half time. Makes no sense
T moble agebt in May 2023 informed me that my apple tv was up and i would have to pay to keep. Now i been paying and tmoble is now saying no it on us for lifetime. Agent i was talking to did not document anyyhing we talked about. also new agent today just aburtly transfered me to tech support. Tech support was in dark why i was transfered. I was in dark i was being transfered. Such bad customer service.
"Took out an international plan when travelling abroad but was nevertheless charged as if this never happened. Auto pay took the money out of our account, but when challenging this, was told a credit would be passed on the next bill. This should not be the case and a credit to our bank account should be passed immediately."
"Between January 2015 and November 2017 Vodafone took £2,908.07 from my bank account which was £96.93 per month. The last month I paid them, they took £533.16. At this point I had to walk away from their services because I simply couldn’t afford to pay. This was for use of my phone when I was briefly on holiday. They then proceeded to pursue me for a debt of £1891.05 for unpaid charges. This amounted to a total of £4,799.12 of charges over 30 months which worked out at £159.97 per month. This legalised theft has since been regulated although there are still ex customers like me still being pursued through the high court for these ridiculous charges. Needless to say, Vodafone do not care about you as an individual and are only interested in exploiting you for monetary gain. I strongly recommend that customers do not sign up with Vodafone."
My pac has not yet come and my mobile data
Bought a iPhone 14 and was told they cannot unlock it and sent me somewhere else
"T-Mobile bad news don’t buy - I phone 15 - from T- Mobile store there no good you will get a problem with the camera and- t mobile will do nothing and Apple wants to charge you $1,200.00 to fix camera rip off t mobile is bad news my phone is new yet and have insurance on phone and to replace my phone they want a lot..."
I got approached by a sales person at target I switched over to AT&T and this is by far the worst mistake EVER. Everything was a lied and costumer service is useless. Don’t waste your time with this company.
"I reached out to T-Mobile for a warranty exchange! They sent me a warranty device to a store! Went to the store The store would not take my device as a warranty! This happened to me three times! I was promised by T-Mobile that I would not be charged the warranty fee, because of my wasted time! I probably spent 2 hours driving back and forth to the different stores! The first warranty device they sent me arrived with a cracked screen! I then had to send it back! Now I've been charged an extra $50 on my bill. The agent Michael that I talked to wasn't willing to help at all! He wanted to give me for the credit for the device that was sent with the broken screen! Not acknowledge the promise that the representative made about my time being wasted and not having to pay that warranty fee! T-Mobile has been the worst mistake I have ever made! I will be switching back to Verizon! T-Mobile is not the best in 5G is not the best in anything!"
"Three times I encountered this TMoble Rep from Westfield Topanga Mall, Los Angeles, Ca and the experience was just rude and traumatic.  The first experience was a roughly a year ago.  I came in the shop and he was standing by the door.  I inquired about upgrading my phone and he was impolite and sounded not interested to help me, he simply said, ""ok choose your phone in the displays"" and did not even offer to open my account.  I dismissed the experience and went out of the shop discourage about pursuing my intention to upgrade.  I never forget his face.  then almost a year later I went back with my wife to ask about the status of our account (how much we pay monthly, are we eligible for upgrade etc) the first thing he said to me was ""you don't know how much you pay on your bill? sounding sarcastic and irritated that i requested him to open my account.  I let that experience go because i was tired and in a hurry.  the third encounter with AJ was today Nov 17, 2024.  Two hours ago. And it was horrible. We came in with the intention to upgrade our phones.  He opened our account and told us that we need to pay our overdue bill first.  We were surprised of the unpaid bill because we thought we are on auto debit.  But he said sarcastically ""No you haven't paid last month's bill"".  that what it means by ""overdue"" sounding like we don't understand what the word means.  So this finally into me and reacted with all the bottled feelings i have had in the previous two encounters.  I told him this is the 3rd he has been rude to us and he accused me of making up stories and of raising my voice. And he said he has the right to refuse service and told us to leave in front of all the customers.  He is a liability to your brand.  The lady representative who was beside us was not helpful either. I know the shop is closing for the day but that is no reason to be horrible to the customer.  This experience is not acceptable."
They lie waste your time and overcharge.
"Wish I’d never joined tbh nothing but incompetence when you actually get through to speak to someone, it’s as if they haven’t been trained or something or they just can’t be assed , can’t hardly understand what they are saying and seems to me like they are half asleep on the job ,, kicking myself constantly"
"Broadband!Don't bother, constant problems with it. Won't let you out of contract even when their internet won't work. Wasted hours on the phone to them. Have left us without WiFi for days. Disappointed as when buying mobile, they were helpful. Avoid Vodafone broadband."
"Spent a week without internet. Service finally fixed correctly and order placed to bury new line. When completed, I again, no longer had service.  Checked the box at the back of my house and found line that was neatly placed under the housing to be out and poorly zip tied into the box. Obvious that they disconnected and poorly attempted to fix. When reported, was told I had to be home for repair- after already taking 2 days off of work. I can't believe a company who deals in customer service is only available 8-4 Monday to Friday.  Ready to drop AT&T internet, Direct TV, and 3 cell phones over poor customer service."
"Customer service absolutely sucks. Their service is horrible no matter where I go. I lose my connection.  I’ll be in the middle of a call and it just drops I try to call people it says call Failed. I’m sorry I ever left Verizon to come to AT&T, but I’m happy to say Today is my last day with them. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere if you’d like to be able to have a phone conversation with someone"
Very poor service. I have recently moved to a area that the service checker said has good indoor and outdoor service. When moving into the property I have had no signal inside or out. I have called vodaphone and they have said that they are very sorry but they cannot help me. Seeing as I upgraded in may and am now in a contract till may 2026 and the address that I took the contract out in had great service. I have asked for discount and they have said that I am not eligible seeing as I am in contract. The lady I spoke to said that there is nothing that she can do to help me and it's not a technical problem with anything they just don't have a great service for my postcode hu129qh. Despite the service checker saying otherwise. They do not offer a signal booster.Be careful taking out a contract with this network.
"vodaphone poor service I've had no phone or broadband for over a week,service reception is somebody reading a script you cant understand,allways says the fault is in your house but I've had the same problem for years and its always external 3 poles up the road,WYE DONT THEY LISTEN?"
Have been with them over 2yrs now. Whilst in contract I had no problems.  After contract ended  we have had so many problems with connection keeps dropping out. Every time we check connection they report there are no problems.Time to leave i think.
"I ordered T-Mobile's home internet on October 17, 2024. Big mistake! No matter where I placed the gateway in our home, the gateway only showed one bar. What a joke! It wouldn't  provide a strong enough signal for even one of our smart TVs. Constant picture and sound lag. So I reinstated Spectrum internet. On Dec 26, I called and cancelled T-mobile. I was told the cancelation would not take effect until January 16, 2025. I argued that cancelation should take immediate effect, but to no avail. What a scam! This is their way of getting another full month of paid service despite the fact that I won't be using it from Dec 26th to when the cancelation takes effect on January 16th. This is no way for a company to earn consumer's trust and respect. Ipredict that T-Mobile's sketchy business practices will soon lead to its demise. A company just can't intentionally screw consumer's over and expect to remain in business."
"Stay away run, run, run!! When 1st signed up promotion $750 off per phone (2 phones) savings $1500 after 7 months l I paid phones off in full. I bought 2 new phones they gave me trade in value and I paid cash for these and ths promotional discount. I stayed another 4 months until sneaky price increase so I switched providers. Following month received bill almost $500 I blew a gasket. What happens those so called ""PROMOTIONS"" are only if you stay with them for 24 months (it's in the fine print). If you get $1000 off per phone don't stay 24 months you pay that    BACK!!!  LONG STORY SHORT.....BEWARE OF TMOBILES PROMOTIONS and other fees I don't even want to type out."
"Revolting customer service over the whole year since I entered the contract.  First they put me on on their legacy systems, then they  could not resolve roaming charges, even though i had these charges included in my contract, and now they simple closed my complaint.  I am shocked. Totally incompetent, unpleasant, extremely poor service.MY EDIT:  The reply form Vodafone is equally unacceptable.  I called them and emailed them enough.  Where is the telephone number to a competent person??"
"OMG....T Mobile sucks!!!!! WTAF is going.  I am actually still on hold as I write this awesome review!!! 1 Hours 5 Minutes!!! AND STILL waiting...this will be the 6th person I have spoken to (well IF they pick up)...TMobile had an ""inhouse phone issue""...then ALL THE SUDDEN my work phone NO longer works...AND NOW I have to up grade to a ""business"" line.Which by the way I have on record that I told them I do work from home and NEVER had an issue with my work phone...NOW I do!!!??? Seems very odd if you ask me...after 2 years with NO issues....DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY...Please DON'T!!!!!IT IS NOW 5:36PM BEEN ON THE GOD DAMN PHONE NOW FOR 1.50 HOURS!!! AND NO ONE CAN GET THIS ISSUE FIXED...I AM NOW TALKING TO PERSON #8!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
It is the worst experiences I’ve ever had to deal with AT&T for both Internet and cellphone services.
"More than two years they can't fix the reception signal issue on Whaldarke  and Mortlake Road in Sheffield, no internet for mobile data and onw bar signal for call. While our privet and bussenes lifedepends to internet ignoring around 200 families is not the good. When calling to customer service always the same answer our system shows every thing is good, that's all, come to the area and see who's right. If someone dosn't compline it mean they already live Vodafone after facing this issues. I don't wanna hear sorry when I'm loosing my bussenes and nerve, fix the problem"
"I wouldn’t give any star if there is an option.Just joined Vodafone end of August this year. Contacted Vodafone today about myvodafone app login/register as I have issues to use the apps. For some reasons, I have never registered  the app online but their system showed that I had and asking me for pin number and memorable words.Phoned them up answered somewhere in India by someone who couldn’t even spell her own name in a NATO phonetic alphabet manner. Explained why I called. Told her all the information she needed to prove I am legit, including order number etc. Asking for pin number again, what pin number (?) which I don’t have. Then told me I did not pass the security check. I asked which questions I failed and was told the info I gave didn’t match. What info ? Told me a link in a rush which I had to clarify repeatedly.  Requested to speak to their supervisor but was told they could not help me !!!!!! I needed to go to reset my security details when I haven’t even registered in the first place.I went to the website she recommended, guess what. Same thing happened…. “The security code you entered doesn’t match what we have sent. Please enter it exactly as it appears in the text.”I have just done that !!!!!!!!!! Look like I have to visit a Vodafone branch IN PERSON to sort this out. I have never used such a lousy app and customer services like Vodafone. Also I cannot use just the mobile phone to register without a computer as when I came out the app to retrieve the code, when I went back its back to square one, going round and round the circle but was unable to complete it.  Rubbish rubbish rubbish ……"
Super shitty Wi-Fi so bloody slow 3G works faster than this I can’t even play a full round of dress to impress without Roblox kicking me out for no internet DO NOT GET TRUST ME ITS SUPER SHITTY 🤬 xoxo from playing customer 🥰
I can see why AT&T is the worst company for direct tv and any phone services! Your information is compromised and they could care less! This crap happened over a year ago and the news media is the only confirmation! When I called to cancel they hung up and had to go through another fourty five minutes to talk to clueless staff and still charging me an early termination fee! So if you like wasting money? AT&T is your place!
The service is so poor.When I changed my broadband to Vodafone I was promised in the shop that I would receive help to get set up. There is no such help available so consequently we get to change over day and I have no broadband There is just no helpWhere is the engineer that comes to the house and helps the elderly and infirm??
"I wish I could rate them 0 stars. The worst phone company by far and their customer support is filled with liars. I've been getting a 1MBPS speed for a few months now and have to rely on WiFi while I pay for their premium internet package. I spent 2 hours in an AT&T store on Sunday to hear from them that I should call 611...then an hour and a half waiting for Tech Support who then says I need Advanced Tech Support and forwards me to the billing department...I wait another 30 mins to be told by the billing department that they are sorry for me and they schedule a call for Tuesday at 2 PM > which is now the loyalty department...who tells me yes sorry but we cant give you any credit (just stick with your 1MBPS and pay for premium package)...let me pass you to Advanced Tech Support > then sends me to home internet after another 10 mins of waiting...and then home internet forwards me to Advanced tech Support...who tell me I need to speak to backoffice support....i am on a call with them right now...SHAME ON THIS COMPANY. If you ever have an option please stay away from AT&T it is by far the worst phone company with a horrible customer support,"
"price increases, customer service agents lie to get your money. Do not use them and if you can run away from them."
"Worst. Company. On. This. PLANET!!!!!If you're thinking of switching providers, or looking for a service, DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT go with ATT. They are completely incompetent and continue to mess things up. Yall should be out of business."
"As a long-standing T-Mobile customer subscribed to the Magenta® Amplified plan with three voice lines, my experience with the company has been consistently positive without any notable issues. However, on January 15, 2024, we initiated contact with T-Mobile to help us navigate plans and get the best deal possible at that time.  To stay on the current plan and purchase all new phones and increase our monthly bill from $ 157 to $270 or switch to a more expensive plan and get promotions. We opted to switch to the Go5G Next plan, which involved trading in three devices: upgrading from an iPhone 12 to an iPhone 15 Pro and obtaining one complimentary iPhone 15 due to adding a line. During this process, 2 different T-Mobile representatives assured us that, after factoring in all eligible discounts, including a teacher discount, our monthly bill would total $230. The process included 3 steps including changing the plan which is only possible by phone service. We trusted representatives to do it correctly, but unfortunately, it was not the case. The wrong code was applied to one of the lines, the other code was expired and had no value.Despite receiving three new iPhone 15 Pros and one iPhone 15 on January 17, our account still reflected details from the previous Magenta plan. It was only last week that T-Mobile finally updated our account to the Go5G Next plan, resulting in a monthly bill exceeding $349. It feels that we are trapped because according to the agreement we only have 20 days to make changes, but our account information was not updated till it was too late. Until that time (February 6) we were sure that our bill would be $230, not $349 like it is stated now.Upon noticing this discrepancy, I promptly contacted T-Mobile to seek a resolution. Despite investing significant time on the phone with various representatives, the issue with our bill persisted unresolved. I hate to be trapped: phones we used for trade-in cannot be returned to us, and codes for the trade-in are incorrect. The customer service department wasted hours on “investigation’ to come up with “Unfortunately we cannot fix the problem as all those deals are expired now."
Vodafone have still not supplied the phone I've paid for after one month waiting.The store manager did not inform me of any delay.Vodafone have lied to me repeatedly.The will not or can not supply the phone I've paid for.Is this fraud?What a massive mistake going to Vodafone
Thank you so much to all of you who took the time to share your negative experiences with us I appreciate it.  Because of the reviews and not one response from TMobile I have decided to go with another carrier.  So many reasons why I couldn't trust them ever I would say.  Happy Holidays.  Best.
"Our old phone carrier shut down so we were forced to change carriers. I went to a T-Mobile store in Maize, KS and Maria, the lady that helped me, told me we would definitely have 5G coverage where we live. I questioned her about that several times during our interaction because my husband and I live very rural and when I looked at the coverage map before heading into the store, coverage looked spotty. She kept telling me we would FOR SURE have 5G coverage. I didn't purchase a new phone until I knew it would work at our house. After a couple weeks, I decided to purchase a new device with them because we at least had 4G coverage. Then, shortly after the 14 day return period expired, our service is almost nonexistent. I called customer service and the guy I spoke to informed me that he would have never sold us a plan and phones because his map showed almost no coverage where we live. He told me that we basically get ""left over"" signals from a tower that is very far away from us and the reason we don't have service now is because they were having problems with said tower. I asked when the tower was going to be up and he said he didn't know. Now, we don't get service, thank goodness we have wifi or my new expensive phone (that they won't let me pay off early or return) would be a paper weight. The only way out from under them now is to pay off mine and my husband's devices at full retail pricing, not just the sale pricing. My husband's phone hasn't even left the box, but we can't return it. I asked the customer service guy if there's anything we can do since we don't have service and he said, ""No, nothing."" So basically we have to pay ridiculous prices to them but our phones only work on wifi, that we also have to pay for. I'm extremely disappointed with T-Mobile. We'll be switching to Verizon as soon as we're able to."
"I'm 70 years old and never have I had a company promise (voice and written) to refund money for a mistake they made, and then take it back!  When I first approached this with T-mobile, they wanted to add the overcharged amount to my account.  However, I wanted them to credit the amount to my credit card instead. After one month discussing this with four different representatives (and hours wasting my time waiting on the phone), I spoke to a manager.  She apologized for the inconvenience and trouble I had experienced with this issue.  She said she would not only refund the money to my credit card but would add another $16 and, in addition, I would not have to pay the next month's bill for $16. She also said she would send a confirmation email, and follow-up with me in one week with a phone call. Sounds good, right?  Well, she did email me the refund confirmation and they did cancel the next month's bill.  However, she never followed up with the phone call, and after a month, the refund still had not appeared on my credit card.  When I called to inquire about this, I was told the company decided to revoke the refund.  A multibillion dollar company revokes a $27.24 promised refund.  How's that for great customer service?!  I'll be quitting T-mobile and would not recommend them to anyone thinking of obtaining their service.  Their word means nothing.  Greedy with no ethical guidelines."
"At&T let me down been with them40yrs.Im done someone that work there got a phone in my name Im done hurt let down, This to shall pass!!"
"I went on-line on Saturday 14th December 24 to request the deal for the Apple iPhone 13 128 GB which was due to end at midnight on the 19th December. The girl I dealt with appeared very efficient and processed my order sending through my contract to my email address which I needed to sign within 72 hrs. When I went to sign the contract the following day that was when my nightmare started! My husband noticed they had put the wrong address on the contract and my sort code was also incorrect. When I made contact with the team the following day they said they could amend the incorrect details but when I requested the new contract they said they couldn't amend the contract as they would need to cancel the order and start again. I was not happy to sign a contract on-line which was incorrect and after a long time trying to explain this said they would have to cancel the contract and start again. I was advised to ring back the following day giving it time to cancel on the system. When I rang on the 17th December 2024 I initially spoke with someone who insisted I would have to accept the old contract which hadn't been cancelled to get the deal despite me explaining that it had the wrong address and sort code. This gentleman put the phone down on me. With trepidation I phoned Vodafone back again on the 17th December once I went into my local Bishops Stortford store for some moral support at 3.20pm. I spoke to a gentleman on-line a Vodafone Customer Service called Stephan who was extremely rude and talked over me and after nearly two hours we were no further on with the process with him insisting the old contract was still online. The staff in store were extremely kind and supportive to me particularly Ben and his trainee, Ali, but unfortunately they could do nothing as the contract was still open on-line. Stephan advised to ring at 8am on the 18th December and he would cancel my original order. When I rang again today at 8am I spoke to Corrie who was polite and helpful but when he re-did the order again unfortunately when he got to the end of the process, it still wouldn't go through despite saying my order had been cancelled at 02.20am on the 18th. I was advised to ring again on the 19th which was the following day, noting that this deal ended at midnight on the 19th.I took the risk of ringing again today at 5.20pm and spoke to a very pleasant, empathetic young girl called Imaan, who was based in Lancaster. She reassured me that she would do her best to solve my problem and asked relevant questions which give me hope. At two different stages she checked with someone senior that the correct process was being followed and double checked my details with me to ensure everything was correct. She apologised for the distress I had encountered over the last four days with Vodafone and was genuinely caring towards me. Imaan managed to successfully process my order for the Apple iPhone and hopefully it will be delivered tomorrow. Her service was faultless. However the last four days has been an extremely distressing and stressful experience with the online service with Vodafone with each phone call at times taking up nearly two hours of my time. I praise Ben and Ali in the Bishops Stortford store and Lovely Imaan today but as for the other staff unfortunately I rate the overall service as poor.Where do we go from here, I would expect more than a written online apology for the time and stress this has caused me. I am sure Vodafone can do their homework and work out by the details I have provided who this service user is!!!!!"
TMobile is childish and unprofessional I had to call several times because reps would sit in the phone and laugh not just that T-Mobile is the reason my Info is on the dark web I don't recommend doing business with this company they're bs
After being with EE for 15 years decided to move to Vodafone for better coverage ... should be a simple transaction you'd think .... no!  The opposite!  Ordered the sim package on the Friday and was told SIM card would be despatched that day and I would receive it Monday. Monday came and no SIM card. Because I kept my old number they had transferred it to them so my service with EE ended which left me with no active phone!  I called and asked where my SIM card was and was told they would send another one which would take another 3 days!  They then said to go into a Vodafone shop!  I explained I worked long shifts at a hospital and shops are closed when I finish work so would have to wait the 3 days!  The original SIM card arrived on Thursday!  Postage mark on envelope showed they hadn't posted it until the Tuesday!!!  So I have been without a phone service for 3 days bearing in mind I need to be contacted from work and I have an elderly parent who needs communication with me. I was told I would get compensation ..... 78 pence!!!!!  Laughable!  Certainly not worth the stress and frustration I went through!  Wished I hadn't of bothered changing providers now!
Don't expect to speak to someone if you have a problem with your phone.  All done by chatbox - 25 minutes to get through to technical help and sort a problem a human could have sorted in 5 minutes
"In 2015 I tried using their services. After a while my online account stopped working. I rang 8 times and chatted online 7 times, for over 7 hours of my time. I was promised several things on the phone (1 month free, 3 months free) which were not in the notes and so never happened. In the end I agreed to pay an early cancellation fee. That didn't happen. Rang again, they found out they should have cancelled last month and then did so, without an early cancellation fee. Then they billed me, but didn't send me a bill. Then referred the account to a credit agency for non payment who emailed me. I then had to call about this bill that should not have been sent, and also chase to make sure my credit was not affected. And no word of any compensation for the amount of time I spent and stress it incurred. I will never use Vodafone again and urge everyone to avoid them."
"I switched from Sky to Vodafone and was told by sky that my activation date would be 16/12/2024 midnight. As Vodafone told Sky this was my activation date, sky cancelled my service. I have no internet and Vodafone are saying it will be activated at midnight on 17/12/2024. I should have stayed with Sky. Poor service."
Diabolical phone signal across Surrey and Sussex. Avoid at all costs!
"Have a Business account with T-Mobile and have had excellent payment history for over a year. Nothing financed on my account. Was trading in me and my partners phone for a $1,000 credit per phone. New phones cost $1,200. They still want a $450 Down payment per phone even though that would make it $500 more then the total purchase and they will “ Pay it back “ over 24 months in bill credits. So I’m giving them a $500 interest free loan that they take 2 Years to pay back? Probably taking my business to another carrier. This is ridiculous and makes no mathematical sense. Think 2ce before switching to t-mobile."
They seemingly lie about stuff and hold the phone hostage when you cancel their service lock the phone even though it's paid off.
I had Verizon for a year and half and I never had any data problems. My phone or hotspot is always slow. I switched to -mobile because they’d pay off my phone as a promotion. It’s $50 cheaper than Verizon but everything is so slow. I regret switching providers. You get what you pay for I guess. Imma get a Ryan Reynolds’s phone!
"Having used AT&T as my US cell phone provider for 9 years now, I feel that I finally have to put fingers to keyboard and highlight how utterly abysmal their customer service is.  They have twice in that time just randomly removed my cell phone number (and the first time they did that, they also stole the $100 of credit that was on the account).  When they do delete your number it then becomes extremely difficult to get through to anyone in customer service and, if (BIG IF) you do manage to get through to someone, they are often unable to help resolve the issue.  I am totally p****d with having to change cell phone number and update all my professional stationary, profiles and contacts because of AT&T's complete disregard for their customers.  The question is, who else to try?  These giant communications companies have a virtual monopoly and they couldn't care less about their customers."
"This is the second part of a review. Without going into long and boring detail, there was an issue with my daughter’s eSIM in Liverpool, with me (the account holder) in Brentwood Essex.  On the first visit Liverpool staff sympathetic but unable to help. On the second visit, involving the very helpful Vodafone staff in Brentwood, the guy in the Liverpool store was appallingly rude to both my daughter and the Brentwood store staff, (witnessed by all of us because it was on a FaceTime call) leaving her in tears and us thinking that the only explanation for his conduct was that he was working his notice.  When eventually the Brentwood staff asked how they could find a solution for this Vodafone customer, his response was to walk away, saying it wasn’t his problem. The zero score in the title is harsh, because the first Liverpool employee was at least polite and sympathetic, but the second fully deserves zero stars.PS.  Are you seriously suggesting (through the links below) that the way to address this is through social media sites? Is that how you do customer service?"
"DO NOT HONFOR THIS NETWORK IS TERRIBLE , ALL THEY WANT TO TAKE IS YOUR MONEY, THEY DO NOT CARE AVOUT THIER CUSTOMERS AT ALL.. NO CUSTOMER SATISFACTION 👎🏾 👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾"
"In November 2021, I traded-in 3 phones (family plan) for a total trade-in value of $2400 ($800 each) at T-mobile. T-mobile promised to return the $2400 in the form of a one time credit and further credits spread over 30 months. However, I have had to call in dozens of time spending close to 50 hours on the phone with them to get the credits. Each time, I'm promised a refund only to see a small partial credit. Each time, I argue with the company to honor the contract, I'm assured a refund of the payments due.After I filed a on the phone  complaint with the FCC, t-mobile now tells me they will honor the trade in credit but start the 30 month cycle 13 months after the original contract date. They are not willing to give in writing Tbey abrogated the contract.Given this is affecting thousands of customers, it is possible T-mobile swindles customers of a couple of billion $ every year.If we get more than 40 customers willing to go to court, we could file a class action lawsuit against T-mobile?"
"Att trade in service is a fraud. They estimated my iphone 13 was $700. But after sent in, and waiting for a 2 billing cycles, they credit me back $210. I am not agree with that and request for my trade in phone back but they stated that I have passed 14 days of return and as and online agent, they don’t have access to resolve. It is a scam. Please dont do trade in option because you will lose your phone value big time. I am a long time customer with att, and I promise to cancel because they are robber, they robbed my phone easily because I trusted them and sent my phone to them."
"I went to get an account with T-Mobile. The guys in the store told me I needed to call customer care. I went to my car to make this call. The guys said it would be quick. The robot at the beginning of the call said 30 minute wait time. It was an entire hour! And then the customer care guy said he needed to talk to the guys in the store. The call dropped just as I walked into the store. They guys in the store just shrugged. I walked out in frustration. A few weeks later, I got a bill for my supposed service. It was only for $5.65, but I feel it just adds insult to injury."
"These maggots dug up my yard as part of a city plan with Arlington Texas. Now, four months later, they are on my doorstep asking me to sign up with them. I have a no soliciting sign posted. They are disgusting!!!!!!"
"So for a week I have had not been able to load up anything on my phone , I finally called and explained , I had a young lady who laughed every time she spoke after 20 minutes I gave up , I was called back a few days later from emmar , I gave my address out yet again and said this wasn’t what they had for me so I gave out my previous address still saying I couldn’t pass security , I gave my date of birth still not enough , was asked for my PIN code said I hadn’t a clue what it was , even asked to guess it ? What was the point of that ? Apart from giving a DNA sample what do y have to do to get an issue sorted . I have been with vodaphone for a good 30 years . What is it coming to ? I have two accounts with you , maybe time for a change ! Never felt so frustrated in my life . Problem was never sorted ! How can you not know if the service is down in certain areas ? I forgot to add I also gave them my email which they were sending messages to me .  How is that not enough personal information???"
"Had to call a mate in Australia this morning (he'd messaged me to tell me that his young son had died suddently) and after a 35 minute call Vodafone presented me with a bill for £108 and locked my phone informing me that I had to pay the out of plan charges immediatelyCalled 191, got put on some silent hold thing. Called back, had no option but to pay £108 over the phone in order to be able to continue to use my phone.My experience -07:19 - Call to Australia started07:53 - Call ended (34 minutes)08:03 - Text message from Vodafone alerting me that I had spent over £1 on international calls08:05 - Text message from Vodafone alerting me that I had spent over £50 on international calls08:31 - Message from Vodafone alerting me that my monthly spend is unusually high08:32 - Message from Vodafone informing me that they have turned off my calls and dataText from Vodafone and that I need to call Vodafone08:40 - accessed account online and tried to resolve with the useless chatbot08:55 - called 191 and was informed I had to pay £108 out of plan charges immediately to be able to use my phoneI have been a vodafone customer for over 20 years across three continents, I do not wish to continue doing business with a company which functions in this way. Sadly my contact has 12 months to run.Very unhappy with Vodafone!!Edited at 13.38 in response to Vodafone reply.Dear Vodafone responder (AI??)If you'd checked your records you would have found that I had paid the off plan charges (£108 for a 35minutes call) before I wrote the main review. I had to, I needed to use my phone.Actions speak volumes and words are cheap. Your response has only made me more determined to end all dealings with Vodafone as soon as my current contract expires."
"Att completely misrepresented there policy. We switched to att and we're given free phones , however they were not free and upon upgrade we had to pay over $100 to pay off our free phone. This was unexpected and a hardship as we live on ss. If I had been informed we would have never switched, now we're screwed for another 18 months. I advise not to do business with att and and avoid there deception."
"I recently signed up for TMobile service because the rep at Walmart lured me in with a deal on the phone.  Never again!  I have tried to deal with customer service, and it is horrible.  Long massive wait times on hold speaking with people from the other side of the world who do not know what they're doing.  This is the first and LAST month of service I use with them.  They need to fix their staffing problems and stop abusing customers with long hold times with incompetent people who do not know how to solve issues."
"I moved away from ATT about 10 years ago, for some reason - my wife stayed with them for 18+ years.And all that loyalty got us what?Misled promises. Period.We were strolling down grocery store and ATT guy lured us into Fiber Optic Internet connection which is supposed to be 'WOW'.I never bought the hype but they promised its cheaper than what we were paying and since my wife has been wireless user - we get additional $20 discount + $300 gift card.What happens next:Gift card never arrived - so I called - and they are like - oh but you did not confirm that you wanted gift card. W.T.F.  Anyway - after 50 mins calls - they release the gift card.And when I asked about $20 credit for using wireless plan at the same address (which was the condition) - they said - it takes few months and the excess we paid will be refunded and the discounted rates will apply.I check in every 3 months  or so and after a total of 9 months - they tell me - kid you not - I have chat transcripts, that plan is no longer available.W.T.F.ATT signs up customers who want to save money luring them into false promises and then after they are stuck with ATT - they tell you ""that plan is no longer available"".I am not surprised by this behavior because this was the reason I moved out of ATT network.  But due to changes in employment and to save few bucks - I 'believed' them again to be misled yet again.ATT wireless service in our area is patchy too...I have had ZERO drop calls in years in this area but with ATT service - that's no problem - we have miles of 'patchy service'.ATT continues its legacy...at least they are consistent in screwing people of their hard earned money.Time to look for another service I guess."
These guys suck absolute ass. Does not matter how many bars you have your service will always be dogshit. Not consistent whatsoever.
"Ordered 3 phones for Christmas to be delivered to a relative to hide. Vodafone a) got address wrong despite being given correct one, b) tried to deliver to previous address when told I had moved and had correct current address, c) delivered only 2 phones. I have spent in excess of 4 hours today trying to get this sorted. None of their staff have English as their first language so can't understand what they are being told, do not read previous contact information, tell complete lies ie. The phone was delivered, the phone was cancelled, the phone was redirected all on one call. 4 separate complaints raised and not one call back from manager as requested numerous times. Appalling customer service. Did offer to deliver on 25th December when I had to inform him that is Christmas day in our country! Extremely disappointed and unbelievably unhelpful staff."
"I've been out of service over a month and they want me to pay no, customer service is horrific no one seems to know what to do but one young lady since July going into Aug"
DO NOT TRADE-IN YOUR PHONE AT AT&T as i was a 3 years in happy customer i hated it after what happened and i’ll just pay it off and switch to some other company.what happens is recently i traded in my 14 Pro max 512 GB for a 16 Pro max 256 Gb and to be honest with you i had some cracks at the back of the phone but they gave me $830 estimated price for rhe phone at the store and they said my charges would be $11 for the new phone and i took the deal.After i traded-in i called them and they told me the screen wasn’t turning on and off so they revalued my old phone and gave me $400 in credits instead of $830 and i can truly say even if i would sell it i would’ve took $800 so they robbed me by $400 and they only paid $400 for my old phone and when i asked my phone back they told me the policy and terms that i signed up won’t allow me to get it back.There was nothing wrong with the screen they made this to make extra bucks on me and they are probably doing it to a lot of people and making extra millions of dollars by this.Just wanted to let everybody know.I would’ve gave 0 stars if there was an option
"Overpriced Garbage internet service..Horrible out of country call centers..They charge you a monthly internet fee, but out of 30 days in a month you can only use your internet about 18 days and they won't give you a pro'rated charge..Scam......"
"The service is diabolical, ordered a phone, it took 2 weeks longer than promised, missed her birthday. I paid £800 upfront payment. Told by customer services she could collect it, they wouldn't do so, cancelled order, but then found out it wasn't cancelled, holding onto the money, apparently another 10 days now to get money back. Shocking as soon as we can all leave this network we are gone."
"I have used multiple pay as you go numbers over the years...and had taken 1 subscription back in 09/2022.The phone got stolen right after signing the paperwork and up until today the Vodafone staff has charged me a monthly £15,- for a service I never used.Each time I walked into the shop, showing ID and requested to stop taking money, they'd stop me by saying I can no longer give the number or pin ..as I simply forgot...so they keep charging me and I now got a notification on my credit score that it is going down due to unpaid Vodafone bills..very disappointed. Definitely never taking out anymore future products of them."
I am suicidal because of this company.  This company has taken everything from me.. my job. I'm about to be homeless in a month. I can't return a 800$ bike. I've lost 20 pounds because I can only afford to eat once a day. The reason is because I dropped my phone in the water. Had insurance got a new phone. They don't have a store around here (wish I would have been informed) in fact it's a different state. They can't send an activation code to my phone because the sim isn't activated makes no sense. I can't go out of state to get a frighten code because I am disabled. They are going back and forth back and forth. Telling me they guarantee it's fixed to telling me there's no way around it. It's making things that much worse with my mental health when they do this to me. The reason I cannot access all my accounts is because I changed every account to just one password. I forgot to write them down and was going to  but then i dropped my phone in water. worked as a 3rd party Amazon seller (job lost) apartment (I'll be homeless in a month) rapid weightloss (lost 20 pounds in the past month because I can no longer afford to eat) I cannot access my home security system (which is awesome because there's been an influx of break ins where I live) I don't know what I'm gonna do so I can only see one way out. This company has taken everything from me. I've never been suicidal in my life and now I have it all planned out. I'm making arrangements to give all my stuff away and just let my family know just how much I love them. I never thought getting a phone would be the reason I leave this world. I've never experienced worse customer service in my life. They really could care less about the customer and only care about money.
"I have finally cancelled my Vodafone broadband after two years of terrible connection and even worse customer service. Long waiting call centre times, staff unable to understand or help with issues and one of the most expensive packages out there. The average call time is typically over an hour, frequently cutting out and having to call back several times for a basic request. Happy to move over to Community Fibre!"
"Avoid If you live in/near Chalgrove OX447RW. Signal seems to drop regularly for last year n half. Its often moaned about on our local fb page.I'm moving to O2 in next few days.Greg H.My response to Vodafone reply.Very good, just parrot reply. There are also multiple times each week signal drops for short periods, which we put up with. I guess ur system doesn't alert you to these moments/ issue not been addressed. It's now the norm heavy rain, very windy, power cut (no battery backup! Or if there is, you have another dodgy connection to alert you) signal drops at Chalgrove. In reality service has been going downhill for few years. This last signal down  took you over 6 hours to respond saying problem by email/text! This bicycle alert to yourselves not fit for purpose. On that I rest my case. You have no idea on how bad ur kit at Chalgrove mast is really performing."
"I have had a very bad experience with T-Mobile right from the get-go. They're employed lied to me and I have been lied to for the last 2 weeks. They have my phone I have no refund. I'm disabled on disability, they basically ripped me off. When An employee tells you that your refund will be on your card by Monday, and you talk to somebody else on monday. And they say he shouldn't ever said that. Aren't they supposed to honor what they say? But any business that Hires other people from a different country. And doesn't keep our money in our country shame on you."
"Reported a complaint told response time would be 72 hours that was 3 weeks ago and still waiting when an agent told me registered blind, disabled and housebound customer to pop down to my local store to get help talk about rude and discriminatory behaviour is that Acceptable ?The reply I got was reach out to our social media team what part of  BLIND  did Vodafone not get?????"
"I dropped 2 business lines in July. In Oct they finally resolved the problem and the lines were dropped form the account! I then attempted to simply move a line to a personal account ( AARP discount) they moved it to a ""business account""---the foreign rep then moved it back to the original account--each time adding fees!"
"Tried to cancel internet before they sent me the modem. Told me I had to wait 24 hours but it would be cancelled and ""rest assured It would be cancelled and I wouldn't be charged"". Ended up on hold for 30mins the next day trying to make sure it's cancelled before I gave up. They sent it anyway. Now I need to figure out how to return this thing without being charged. It's ridiculous."
Try to upgrade on black friday as I'm due a upgrade never received my phone so I done a chat vie my app was told it was cancelled and there's a glitch on my account they will sort it so come December I tryed again and again it was cancelled then I thought 3rd time lucky and new year but once again cancelled i was told it was a glitch then told it was the sim then told I could reorder but again nothing then I was told that I now can't doing anything untill March well I can't wait as I'm taking all 3 accounts I have some where eles as it's been lies after lies
the company is useless they don't have the time to train their employees the right way that's way they do mistakes  now I have to pay 2000 dollars for those mistakes
We canceled service and Tmobile continued to debit account. We called customer service continued to get runaround and no resolve to situation. We where a 20 year customer and over years watched bill go up service go down switched to Xfinty
"If I could give this “service” a .5 star I would. I’ve never had an internet service with an attitude but here we are. I’m not kidding, even trying to do a SINGLE download will slow your shit down tremendously. The prices they charge for this and what you get in return should be federally illegal and punishable by public humiliation for 6 business days straight. Don’t waste your time on this dogshit, it might as well be a god damn scam"
"so here it is tmobile is over charging customers, here it is I have paid 1780 in fees and for services for the last 3 months to owe tmobile 1726 for services and fees to now being threaten to turn off my services for 200 dollars on a over payment they got in November and made adjustment on my billed to still charge it and get a message stating I have a past due for December 16 of 212 dollars to pay 300 on that 212.00 to owe them now 600 dollars! That’s a rip off! The supervisor said it well the 212 was past due but it was incorrect! How? How can a company say you owe them 212 in past due fees on the 16 of December to get a payment of 300 on the 23rd of December to now owe you 600 on the 25  and they turning my services off! Sad Tmobile, so the supervisor stated to now having to pay us more to get your phone back on to over charge again! this is not right!!"
"THE WORST. There is literally NOTHING good about this network. I am stuck with it because i live rurally, but if you are in a city USE GIFF GAFF. Vodafone are just after your money, they make everything difficult, if you want to change a plan or bundle they make it night on impossible. Honestly the Worst app and the worst company. completely wasting my time trying to do the simplest of tasks"
I have been a customer of T-Mobile‘s for nine years. I went into the store today after being told I had a $3000 credit limit to upgrade my iPhone 12 to iPhone 16 Pro Max and was told essentially because although I make my payment on time every month I split the payments up into two payments. I’m being judged and now they want me to pay a total of $900 for two phones so I will be leaving T-Mobile.
Terrible Hold Time Even To Pay a Bill u have to wait 1 hour for and agent and the worse collection company also they use
"Very poor customer care, I contacted Vodafone to explain I had recently had to stop work to look after my autistic daughter who had been taken out of school due to anxiety and asked if I could spread my payments, but this landed of deaf ears and I was only given a deadline for payment, a few weeks later vodafone disconnected my phone and also my daughters phone. Im a single parent and live in a remote area so this caused a huge problem as I didn't have a landline, I couldnt ring Doctors or Friends in an already stressful situation but Vodafone only cared about payment. A few months later my Mother died suddenly and this was devastating for all of our family, for the first time in 30 years I found my self using a public payphone to organize my mothers funeral and when I contacted Vodafone and explained they once again demanded payment before they would reconnect. Ive been with Vodafone for 26 years and would never recommend this company to anybody, absolutely no empathy or care what so ever for their customers. Steer well clear of this company and use one of their competitors.This network provider doesn't even deserve the 1 x star ive given, sadly there isn't a zero star option."
"On April 17, 2024 Geraldine Walsh went to the AT&T store at 10 Washington Street, Norwell, MA to get a new phone.  She gave her iPhone 12 PRO to the store manager as a trade-in for a new phone.  The amount for the iPhone (trade-in) was going to be $750 as quoted by the manager.  He did not give her a receipt as he said the credit would show up as a credit in her online bill.  When after 2 months Geraldine did not see the credit, she called the store.  That manager is now at a new store.  The current manager told her there was no ""record"" of her iPhone 12 Pro being given to the previous store manager as a trade-in.  She then called AT& T multiple times - and they also told her there was no record of her trading in her phone.  They did nothing to help.  Finally, ""Missy"" from AT &T said that it was up to Geraldine to prove that she gave the manager her phone and that she should file a police report. Geraldine has now filed a police report, and they are going to pull the stores camera.  That AT&T was so completely unhelpful is so awful."
Have had the worst week with your company had to schedule  three appointments  in one week 1st day technician  José didn't  even step foot in my house  yet he said he fixed my internet i asmueed it was goibg to work which he didn't had to schedule  for the next day the appointment  was scheduled  from 4 to 8 yet same technician came from 315 to 345 I didn't ask for that time. Called your  800 numerous  times was supposed to have a wait  time of 3 to 4 minutes  which  ended up being  a hour and half called back  again for a call back got called back to be  put on hold again for 20 minutes 3rd appointment  which  I was going to be charged a $99 dispatch  I was home second appointment  at time I requested not my fault your stupid tech can't tell time I requested  4 not 3 3rd day tech was very helpful now. I'm  trying to suspend my internet and I can't do that for some reason I have no internet  connection  from my computer  I need to get my computer fixed  so I guess I have to cancel my service with your crappy company  since I can't suspend it
"If I could leave a zero I would.  I signed up for the internet service, which didn't work well in my home.  I cancelled it literally days later.  The process to cancel was easy and the person who helped me was great.  The following month I get a bill for $2.50.  I go online to try to pay the bill and am unable to get into my account since it is closed.  I attempt to pay as a guest, no luck.  I open a chat for help.  They tell me that I need to call to pay.  So, the next day, I call to make the payment.  Of course t-mobile uses a call center somewhere outside of America and the person I speak with speaks broken English, so explaining the situation and understanding him is not ideal.  He tells me I need to go onto the app to create a pin in order to verify who I am, so that I can make a payment.  We go back and forth and I finally ask to speak to a manager, which he refuses to transfer me to.  So even though I have my account number and am able to verify any information they need me to, they are unwilling to let me make a payment without a pin.  Which is interesting since I didn't need a pin to actually create an account with new service.  Makes perfect sense.  So now, I will have to waste more of my time to go into the store for $2.50.  Thanks T-mobile for making it so difficult to simply pay a bill."
"This is the 3rd time Iv posted a review about this lacklustre so called broadband provider ,After hours and hours of mind numbing phone calls trying to sort out my broadband due to lack of strength and being sent a pathetic booster box which hasn’t made any difference in performance i don’t know what to do,, but what I do know that its taken over 3 months now to try and get what Iv been paying for the 30 days I was given to get my money back if I decided to cancel has unsurprisingly lapsed but I’m sure Vodafone know exactly what they are doing so you are trapped for 24 months ,Absolutely disgusting in my eyes .I live in a small 2 bed bungalow and and my Vodafone signal ( fibre 2 ) has trouble going beyond the front room the router is positioned lol it’s a joke , so Vodafone upgrade me to fibre 2 with a booster box 6 and it’s exactly the same , even my ring doorbell is still dropping outDO NOT  and I mean DO NOT waste your money on this diabolically run provider unless you like the piss taken out of you .I had so many people say to me not to go with Vodafone at the start but I thought that I couldn’t be that bad so I give it a go :-(((  I wish I had listened to them now good god !!!"
"I left T-Mobile May 31st this year for a cheaper option. Two weeks later they billed me for the upcoming month. I called 9 time since then and still have not received a refund for their billing error. Suffice it to say, I will NEVER return to T-Mobile!"
"Vodafone offered me a good deal to switch my mobile to them, so I, stupidly, decided to go with them. Long story short , I have had no phone connection for 6 days now, I have spent hours and hours on the phone, being told all kinds of rubbish and untruths, the last of which was an absolute guarantee my phone would be connected today but of course it's not , I still don't have a phone. I can't go to another provider as Vodafone say they can't give me a PAC code at this point. I wish I'd never, ever gone near them. I will not be switching my mobile to them . They are one of the worst phone companies I've ever encountered. AVOID if you want to stay sane l."
Waited in all day for my broadband installation. Received a message from vodaphone yesterday confirming an engineer would be here today. I was finally told it wasn’t being installed today after I phoned to see where the engineer was. Lack of communication between both Vodafone and the engineers (City fibre). I’ve cancelled and also lost a days work in the process. Annoyed is an understatement.
"I tried to sign up for a 2 year broadband contract at £36 per month.The Vodafone website simply failed at the checkout: no ability to join them.Rang Customer Service to JOIN Vodafone and only got muzak and apology they were too busy message.If that is how they treat people who WANT to become customers, imagine how you will be treated when you have signed up."
Same thing bait and switch. Said credit for phone then never mentioned I would have to pay for the phone for two. My bad for not reading the fine print but the store made it sound like the phone was paid off and the contract was for two years.
"Hugely disappointed with Vodafone - my mobile data simply switched off the last week of August. Reason unknown. For someone who’s out of the house a lot and needs mobile data to be able to carry out day to day activities, this was a tremendous inconvenience.Customer service online did some trouble shooting, with no success. They advised me to go to a local Vodafone shop so the SIM card could be changed… Right around that time, however, I had to travel overseas which meant 3 weeks of continued inconvenience and no access to the Internet.Upon my return to the country, I swiftly visited a Vodafone shop. They couldn’t fix it, despite changing the SIM card twice. The only solution was to deactivate my number for 4 days (imagine not having your number and people not being able to reach you!) while a different solution was attempted.This luckily fixed the issue but at what cost! A complaint on my behalf was filed by the Vodafone shop service people while I was with them and today I received a call where I was offered a credit for two months as a compensation. Laughable! Vodafone needs to try much harder to keep their customers happy, especially if they deactivate my number to fix their network issues!I requested escalation of the complaint.In all honesty, as soon as this is sorted, I’m switching over to another provider. My husband had a similar issue with Vodafone last year… They are just not up to the mark!"
"ATT is aweful. I have 5 lines or so for over a decade and they are only getting worse as time progresses. The entire inferstructure for cellular data is owned and built by tmobile anyway, so you might as well not support a bunch of incompetent 3rd party tower leeches to analyse your data (which they profit from) just to connect you to a service that is available from tmobile( who also profit for all your personal data). Is TMobile any better? No. Not really. But seeing as how  att isnt even nessessarry, they are as cocky and putrid as should be expected. They can possibly issue refunds in 3 to 6 weeks but they cant give you back your time and effort and mental stability, not that they would even if they could. Their apps for security are depricated before you even download them, they charge for services they dont provide and they cost cut by routing all your issues as customers to non us based call support. Sound fun? No?"
"After Vodafone messing up my broadband  install and leaving me with no internet, they got act together and fixed that, now 2 months down the line I find they are charging me for a mobile hotspot( that they sent I didn't want) and were going to carry on that 57.48 mth charge and the help desk idiots could not see the maths in the bill claiming the bill was correct.I've raised a formal complaint and will update asapPs the previous specialist care email I had previously referred 6 digit no doesn't workUpdate 16/1/25 after registering a complaint and spending hours on phone to the helpdesk and me demanding a supervisor contact me, a manager phoned last night to agree with my figures for the costs and has said he will refund me, but nothing else for my hassle."
"Their scam detection program is a joke. Literally, it labels every incoming call as a potential scam call  if the person uses their phone occasionally."
"Still no internet, 5 days after activation day I’ve still not got internet connection, every Vodafone staff I’ve spoken to has not helped in anyway shape of form, I’ve been told there’s an issue with my openreach box ID number and that they would notify openreach and the issue would be resolved within 24h, 5 days later and I’ve had no help or solutions after calling them to see when I’ll have working internet all I get is the problem will be resolved soon and that I don’t need to contact them because they will contact me, really poor service still not got any answer on when it will be sorted or what the issue is. Will be cancelling at the end of the week if there’s no improvement."
"I've been a TMobile customer for over 20 years, since it was Aerial, back in 1997.For more than 6 months, I've been paying late fees because my payment due date was originally the 13th of each month and I usually make my payment when I get paid on the 15th of each month. In August, I contacted TMobile Customer Service  to request my payment due date to be changed to at least the 15th of each month. For my surprise, after I was informed that the change was made, the following bill (September) was still reflecting the 10th as the due date for the payments. I patiently contacted TMobile Customer Service once again and supposedly, the issue was resolved, but I still had to pay the late charges. When I received the notification for the October payment, once again, the due date reflected is the 10th. I contacted TMobile again and I was given a credit so ok. I was also explained that I could schedule a payment on October 15th or 16th, as a payment arrangement, and that the November payment was to be due as requested, on or after the 15th of each month. For my surprise, and once again, I just received the notification about my bill with a due date of 11/10th and this time the total amount due is $20 higher than the last amount paid.I contacted customer service once again, this time yelling and screaming to whom identified himself as a Supervisor, Brandon, who stated that he was able to change the due date but I will still be responsible to pay the November bill on the 10th. He offered a $20 credit (A JOKE, AN INSULT) as damage control. Ridiculous.I'm not asking for $20.  I'm asking to get the due date fixed. I feel it is unfair that after over 20 years of paying on time, I need to keep paying late fees due to the incompetency of the TMobile's staff, where nobody seems to be able to make a simple change to an account. As a mortgage loan processor, I know the importance of paying on time; however, looks like TMobile is unwilling to help in order to keep collecting late fees."
"I'm Very disappointed with the broadband connection. I'm with Vodafone from June I was quite excited to jump from slow BT broadband in to super fast full fibre Vodafone...that's how was advertised everywhere. Unfortunately that was a mistake my BT broadband was slow but very stable with very low latency great for online gaming which I can't say about Vodafone broadband high latency and unstable connection. I've contacted the customer service to find out what is causing high latency on my broadband and after a few tests and checks there's no solution to this. After digging deeper I've done a few tests and trace route my connection and it looks like my connection is being routed through Vodafone's Scottish servers in Glasgow or Edinburgh. So my connection goes almost the length of the country across vodafone's network, before it even meets the internet. I live near London. And there's no solution for this...If you are looking for a smooth and low latency connection for online gaming definitely avoid Vodafone it's not a great option!"
July 26 2024 my internet just went out. Tried all the reset crap 2 or 3 times. Called customer service and they sent out a technician. He said the line was broken and a new line had to be ran. After 3 no show scheduled times buried cable crew came out to bury a line that hasn’t even been laid yet. This happened 3 three different days. Finally a crew came out and ran and buried the line and left open on both ends for the technician to hook up. Two day later still nobody showed up. Every time you call and schedule a technician he never showed up. Come to find out the buried cable contractor never turned the finished ticket in. Called and scheduled a time again yesterday 8/19/24 again a no show. Called again first thing this morning and technician is supposed to show again today 8/20/24 we will see if they show today.
"Absolutely the worst wireless company in the country!Aside from dropped calls almost daily and messages not going through the customer service is atrocious.I have never dealt with such stupidity and ignorance and I was with Bank of America...that's saying something!They will literally lock your phone even after you've paid your bill forcing to pay again.The lies and games are truly unbelievable.It's no wonder out of every single carrier in the country they were rated the absolute worst...on a scale of 1-100 they scored a 51.I'm not surprised but so grateful to be gone and to never have to deal with their terrible ""lack of customer service"" agents ever again!"
"Just found out that they changed their policy, when the account is suspended they still charge the full amount.  Last year it was a not so reasonable $10/month, now it is just a ripoff!   Will return the gateway modem from now on, and need it will go pick up a new one...."
"I transferred devices from one account to another in 2023. Multiple times I contact t mobile because the devices were not transferred. I was told they would take care of it. They never did. They sent me to collections for those devices, even after they verified I contacted them about the issue. I spoke with the store manager and other store employee's with no resolution. I have been trying to get this taken out of collections and off my credit due to their error and they refuse. I have no problem paying off the devices, I just want it off my credit and the payment plan for the devices honored. The only valid reason I can come up with is the fact a family member who worked there was sexually harassed, was physically assaulted, and received multiple death threats from staff at the Yreka, Ca store, so as a punishment to my family for having the manager and other 2 employee's involved terminated for this behavior."
"After being a customer for many years with this company, they simply do not care. I’ve been paying off a barely working IPhone for 4 years. I have to pay 99.00 to trade it in for the same obsolete model despite signing up for their buy one get one free plan years ago. Due to the fact we’ve upgraded - that was cancelled. Obviously, most people want to upgrade.The company preys on people’s desire to be trendy and in. They prey on their misfortune, and their absentminded selves. They bought Metro PCS so nope, cannot go there and pay less, they bought Sprint, so now cannot go there and not deal with these crazy corporate games since they are TMobile now.We need phones because it’s 2024 sadly. So we put up with it. They know this.There are never any offers local to people in the Northeast for the T-Mobile Tuesdays hardly. There are definitely no offers for loyal customers. No discounts nothing. You want that fancy new phone? You’ll have to pay for it for 4 years in small payments and it’s a never ending high bill.I’ve had to replace my daughters phone about 7 times and pay a fee every time of a whopping 99.00. The Assurian insurance is terrible. If T mobile is such a big company, why not just walk in the store, pay the deductible and exchange phones there if we are to pay the high price? Twice Assurian claimed they lost the old phones we sent in-  threatening to charge us for not sending in the (very broken phones) only for many calls later to have “found” them once shown proof of tracking. It’s truly corporate greed and being treated like a number at its finest.I’ve been told “if we do this for one person we’d have to do it for everyone!”The reason for my final upset - I’ve fallen on hard times these last few months and cannot pay my insanely expensive bill. Our phones will be shut off because they want to argue with me over the fact I cannot pay the last two bills and they will get their money eventually. They are a multibillion dollar company. They make you promise to pay on a Sunday so if you get any money on Friday then it won’t be in that day. You don’t realise this. They do though.They also won’t let a relative or friend pay in the store either or let you pay with an expired ID as I don’t have money to get a new one yet.I’m a responsible person. I had a job. I ended up working for a company who replaced a higher up with a very unprofessional individual to put it nicely - and I left for my safety. I have not been able to get a job since. I’ve been living on savings and some I will get back soon. T mobile cannot wait??? I have proof of this. They are a very wealthy company.This never has happened we have always paid. So clearly something personal is going on. They do not care. They should really have honoured their buy one get one on the phones too but that is not happening either because my daughter wanted to upgrade.So that’s my experience with T-Mobile and that is what happens when a company becomes a monopoly. Thank you."
I’ve been with Vodafone for years never had an issue until recently so I went into my local Vodafone shop in Lincoln. Sadly the great service I’ve had from Vodafone throughout the years was not replicated in store as they seemed uninterested in helping me and instead just disregarded me sending me to another place. Next time I need help I will avoid this store.
"On 12-06-23, my mother and I walked in to the T-mobile store located at 1491 W Mason St, Green Bay, WI 54303 to buy a phone and start a plan.  We walked in and we were never greeted at all, no ""hey"", no ""we'll be with you in a minute"", nothing.  We took a seat and waited for a half hour but were never even acknowledged in the least so finally, exasperated and a bit shocked, we got up and left.  Those two T-Mobile workers in there were the two most rude, unqualified airheads I've ever personally experienced in a retail setting.  Their customer service, or lack thereof, was horrible and virtually nonexistent.  Even a dog will come up and greet someone, these people could not have ignored us more."
The absolute worst customer service and telecommunications Co. EVER. Too long for me to write here.
"I joined T-mobile when it was the ""uncarrier"" under Jonh Legere.  The service wasn't always great, but they tried, and I wanted to support that.  We were on a family plan, and after about 15 years, and as the kids aged, it made sense for us to switch to a different carrier that better fit our needs.  That's when the nightmare started.I got an letter saying that I never returned a 4G range extender that I received in 2012.  Yes, 4G and 2012.  It had never worked for us, so we returned it to the store at least 7 years ago.   There was no indication on our account that T-Mobile still thought we had it, so I had long since lost any receipt -- it was off the account, so why hold it?So I called T-mobile at least 10 times over 7 months.  First they said they were trying to locate it, then said I'd receive a credit since they found it.  The credit hadn't been issued, so I called again, at which time they said that since they had no record of it, I owed the full original price, plus a late fee, and there was no way to appeal.  Remember: this was a 4G (which is seldom used) device that was over 12 years old and they told me that they would issue a credit ... until today.  Oh, and if I didn't pay, they'd ding my credit rating.So today I paid over $200 to be done forever with T-mobile.  I hope other people have better experiences, and I loved ""old""  T-mobile, but I couldn't recommend T-mobile of today.  To say for months that I was all set, then to turn on a dime -- for a device with no value that they should have known I returned -- is (IMO) terrible service, so to anyone who asks, I'd recommend trying another carrier."
AT&T is absolute trash! Mobile service f**king suck and the company should be required to cease requiring payment from any user. You are taking money for a service you are not providing. There is never a reason I should be in my house and not be able to talk on my phone because the other person can’t hear me/I’m going in and out. It is inexcusable for me to have to walk around my house to try and place an outgoing call! Just this morning I attempted to call AT&T over 25 times before my call would actually go through. And they always give the scam excuse of “we’re aware of some interruptions due to us improving our service.” No you’re not! You’re not trying to improve crap - all the company is doing is placing more customers on a network they don’t even have the bandwidth to provide decent service to their already customers.
"Called about a automated message that keeps calling me 20 times or more a day for over a month.  The first person I talked to recommended their scam shield, I told them I have it and use it but all that does is send it to my voicemail and that still alerts me I have voice mail all hours of the day and night.  I asked to speak with level 2 support, they put me in hold for about 30 minutes when finally I got a ringing sound and then a message stating they can't take my call.  Excellent customer support (not), they couldn't even come back on the line to say they would call me back or anything.  After being a customer for over 20 years I'll be moving to Verizon this weekend.  T-Mobile doesn't care about their customers at all."
If I could give negative 5 I would. Their customer service is awful and what they tell you in the store is different than what they tell you over the phone or from one person to another. No consistency in processes and no idea how to be helpful at all.
"Switched to Vodafone with BIG regrets. My City Fibre engineers inspected my installation to check for faults and concluded that the reason for not getting my contracted speeds was down to a faulty router which they reported back to Vodafone. They will not send out a replacement and all communications have hit a brick wall. Vodafone are in breach of their contract but dont want to know. So payments halted. Avoid !Following their reply below, i have since installation date communicated with the store, Arte robot, various expert agents, personal managers and Twitter and have a stream of correspondants and open tickets all saying ""i will help and sort this for you, please stay connected"" when in fact every person i have engaged with apart from City Fibre who support my case, are designed to wear you down by putting up a breeze block wall and not help whatsoever. They wont listen to you or City Fibre when you simply need a replacement router! Complete Madness, Best way is to stop paying them but even that so far hasnt worked. Better still stay clear of Vodafone you will regret it.Ok so senior complaints involved now and a very polite lady called to say a new router is on its way and offered compensation. New router is worse than the original (kind of expected) but now Advisors say case is closed.The penny dropped. The router i have is not faulty but simply not fit for pupose. It will never reach the contracted speeds that City Fibre advise. The idea is you are forced to upgrade and pay more but even then if i thought it would work i am sure it wouldnt with faith lost in Vodafone. Glad i didnt buy the alltogether mobile phones as well! Refused to pay anymore and asked to be released from contract."
"If I could put a negative mark I would. Do not recommend this company. Had issues with account, called over 8 times with same issue. Thought it was resolved. A year Later, they sent me to COLLECTIONS for fees I didn't owe!!!!!! Hate this company.."
Customer service is a robot. Can’t talk to a human about complex problems.   Worst experience ever
"Stay away from this company!! their service is horrible, they lie and are untrustworthy! after me and my wife paid our devices off (with account up to date) and being a customer over a year, they would not unlock our devices after couple attempts and speaking to different customer service (after they initially said they would but needed to wait first was 48 hr then 72 hr then more excuses after that), there was always an excuse. and giving us the run around about this, then asking why we need our phones unlocked? all to keep stealing from you! all this does is frustrate the customer and making them want to leave even more! they need to do better, but I am done dealing with them! do yourself a favor and look elsewhere."
"Just awful.. it all started with the outage in our area internet was off for 2 weeks, with them telling us it'll be on the next day. Then they have the nerve to charge for a full month! I have had the worst experience with them, customer service is booty juice aswell. Said they would call back within the hour, waited 2 hours and then call me back 5 minutes before they close. Just to leave me on hold for 20 minutes before I gave up."
"This company is a good example of the oligarchies that are bringing this country to its knees. It is all about money, not customer service or quality.IF they let you talk to an agent (and it's nearly impossible), they employ overseas ESL agents you can barely understand and, though they're SUPER ready to add additional services, their internal communication sucks so bad that your bill is always messed up and separated.They sold me on internet, spent 45 minutes on the phone with me, and then sent me only part of the equipment I needed and told me to set up myself."
Cancelled internet. They will not pro rate the bill. Cell phone service also sucks
"My dad’s truck broke down so he put his entire paycheck into it, he couldn’t pay his AT&T phone bill. His phone was cut off, so I called AT&T to make the payment myself. I was on the phone for an hour and 45 minutes, the entire time she was trying to sell me things. Finally, when I just had to tell her straight up, I’m not interested. I want to pay my dad‘s bill, she just hung up. Wasted an hour and 45 minutes today, my head hurts now. I’m getting my dad to switch to my phone plan, I am so thankful I didn’t purchase anything she was trying to sell. AT&T customer service is horrible."
"My relative has been in a care home for a year and has dementia, he has also lost his phone. Consequently, I thought I should cancel his account. I went  into a store and they said they could not help and I should ring their the Vodafone Critical Care team. This I did but again they said they could not do anything without the account holder speaking to them. My relative is not saying much that makes sense now so I'm not sure how that will work! Unless I can cancel they will keep taking his money even though he will not be able to use the account, how is this right?I do not have Power of Attorney so how do we get this resolved? I can give you the care home details and you can ask them."
"I disconnected my service to move to a new provider. The agent told me it would disconnect Oct 8. They disconnected it 4 days early. When I asked support, they couldn’t reconnect it, and flatly refused to compensate the difference. 4 days without service and told to go do one when they clearly understood the mistake was entirely theirs. Useless support. Avoid!!!"
"Been with them for 16 years, went to upgrade my Internet and have been left without for 28 days, lied to about a router being delievred and had appointments cancelled and never informed me. Avoid like the plague, been with o2 for 2 months now and the difference in service is profound"
"They are not interested in faults as they are too busy mocking customers with endless security questions due to forgotton pin and two long waits for a supervisor too be told ""no it's me your talking to""(Faizan). Then they call you back , Oh, I am going to put you through now... You know what? Don't bother Vodafone, we see you.  I hear Starlink has a UK offer on."
"Sorry Vodafone - ABSOLUTELY SHOCKING!  We took out a new Sim the other week - £20 a month for unlimited data, calls, texts etc.Rang today and asked - our 2 existing sims that we’ve had since 2010 (both out of contract), why can’t we change them to the same £20 a month deal?Got told ‘that £20 a month is for new customers only - nothing we can do, best we can do is £23 a month’Thats AWFUL - someone in product should be sacked for that - existing loyal customers should get BETTER deals than new customers to ensure retention.We’ll keep the new Sim as its working fine, but Vodafone will lose the 2 existing SimsIts high time Ofcom stepped in and just like insurance companies  forced phone providers to offer existing customers the same deals as new customers on renewal!In the mean time Vodafone product teams can should ‘read the room’ and do a lot more to ensure customer retention - there’s only so much customer services and sales can do if their hands are tied by poor deals for existing customers!"
"Telephone customer service is nonexistent. Multiple times I've waited on the phone, and finally left my phone number for a return call, but that call never came. Right now researching an alternate carrier."
"Went with vodafone full 'superfast' fiber after leaving sky. All installed November last year. It worked for 3 months and I STILL have a NET ticket open from 20th February 2024!! I was told there is an 'event' happening currently which is why I am being throttled. It was 3.3mbps at the weekend and now I cant even stream any basics. Furthermore, I was also told that there is no timescale as to when this event will be completed and that I will continue to get no fiber until this has been done. Also, I have been offererd NO compensation or discounts as apparently you 'cant' because there is no estimated timescales. So almost a year of broadband and I have 3 months at best. I have shifted EVERYTHING over to Vodafone from Sky and for what? An absolute disgrace of a company. Im hoping someone from Vodafone reach out after reading this as I am on the verge of cancelling my direct debit as you still expect me to pay FULL service whilst this issue of 8 months continues. What a farce!"
"Went to the store to get a new phone. a very kind employee was waiting on hold for 4 hrs. During the 4hrs i watched the sun melt slowly down the walls of the store with my mother. After the 4hrs and minimal progress was made, we finally got to actually purchasing the phone. We randomly got selected for a fraud department shake down. But unfortunately the fraud department was closed. I rise from my beautiful slumber to start on my pilgrimage to the at&t store. I was  greeted by my favorite associate and a new one who was just as kind. I sit and i wait. The anticipation was overwhelming, finally my iphone 8 that ive had since it came out can lay to rest. But again was met by the corporate thugs that do things with no rhyme or reason. Only to enforce the power dynamic over the little guy that is so immovable in our society. My disappointment is immeasurable. One star."
"Worst experience, Becareful , they are only nice when you sign in and join after no service .. whatsoeverBad connection, bad service, they are only care to charge youWorst overseas service but still they charge you fully Aldo you could barely can get service,Rude and unprofessional costumer service or better say no costumer service or help at all.When you call the don’t give a damn about you.They look for excuse to hang up on youThey do not keep their promises if you request for something.JustWorst phone company in USA"
"I wish trust pilot could give me the option to leave 0 starts, WORST COMPANY EVER. They scam you, steal from you and increase prices without telling you. To after they charge you, they can tell you that they can decrease the price after they charge you more than they should. I rather die than return to ATT. I switched to another mobile company, they told me that after the numbers are transferred, the AtT service lines would be automatically cancelled. We are a family of 4. Everyone except my sister choose to not change their number, just transfer the number. We ask several times if the limes would be canceled, they did it with the 3 phones that choose to stay with the same number, but not with my sister number. My sister number was active and they were charging 77.04 for it, a line that was not being used. I HAVE TO ALSO SHARE THE HORRIBLE WAIT TIME IN THE CALLS. In companies like Spectrum the wait time is less than 3 minutes, in Att is 1 hour or more. Worst mobile service ever. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY. You paid your phones, they increase the prices of the lines, and also they charge 100 dollars when you request technical support on the home internet while in T mobile, Spectrum this is free, that’s why I said that they scam you or steal from you, because that is supposed to be a free included service. No way. Dunno how they can still in the mobile business. But karma exist and justice does also exist. Why they have to be like this ? Why can’t they be a good mobile company, why choose to be evil. Me, family and even friends will never be back to this dark hole called ATT"
"This has got to be the worst phone company on planet earth. They screw up my account and then can't fix it. I can be in the middle of working on the computer, be in my email checking things, go to a different tab for less than five minutes and it will log me out randomly saying ""it looks like you stepped away so we logged you out for security reasons. WHAT SECURITY REASONS???, I AM IN THE MIDDLE OF WORKING WITH IT!!! STEPPED AWAY MY DONKEY TAIL! Then it takes forever to get logged back in because of all the issues with my account that they created. I end up having to call ATT and have to hang on the phone for an hour or more. I have literally spent hours on the phone trying to fix one problem - removing an old email as a recovery email. People do stuff that they don't know what they are doing and then no one can fix it. If it weren't so problematic changing your email on so many different things I would have switched a long time ago. It is now reaching the point where it will be worth it. The people are poorly trained, but are trying to make points to move up and do things they have no idea how it will affect the rest of the account or how to undo it. This company is not at all customer focused. If I could leave zero stars, I would. And when I complain they just say, ""sorry you feel that way"" DISINGENUOUS."
I am not a customer of T-Mobile but am receiving nuisance calls from their call centre on average 3-4 times per week. I have repeatedly asked them to take my number off the list & stop calling me but yet the issue persists for over a year. My number is registered with tps so who knows how they got it. Awful. I am sick of the stress & interruptions.
I just paid almost 360.00 for my bill and they’re still not letting me activate my line
Horrible Company!!! Horrible Horrible Horrible!!
"We live in Queen Creek AZ and our local AT$T promised great coverage and 5g connectivity. All we get, even at home is dropped calls and dead zones for coverage. All over town it’s the same thing. This is the worst service we’ve ever had."
"Beware of switching to Vodafone. If something go wrong you’ll be left without a working phone for days, and will be fobbed off with fix timescales that they don’t observe. It seems like nobody knows what is going on.There is no sense of urgency, they don’t seem to care."
"This place is terrible I made a settlement to pay my T Mobile home Internet now when I call they hang the phone on my phace I make settlement and I pay now they say I have to pay more 130,00 ?? I am taking you all to court I am so tired of this company bulshit"
"I have been paying 4.5 years for insurance that is supposed to cover batter replacement. When making a claim they send you to a 3rd party who wants me to drive 2hours away or pay $250 for a new phone that I can buy locally for the same price. The insurance is a scam, ATT is all about quantity not customer service"
"My contract was coming to an end and I was advised to have a 3 month sim then visit the store after Christmas for a better deal. When Covid came and lockdown I tried to deal with this online. I had been a customer for about 20 years and wanted to stay. Vodafone would only offer a 2 year deal which I couldn’t afford and I mentioned 02 were offering a 3 year deal. I was told if I wasn’t happy I should go to O2 then. My phone wasn’t working properly and I wanted to keep my number and  being a pensioner and disabled I needed a working phone. I told Vodafone I was leaving but again they weren’t helpful so I got a phone from O2. Vodafone said they weren’t informed and charged me for a 2 year deal which I couldn’t afford to pay. In spite of several letters, emails and phone calls Vodafone couldn’t have cared less. Only interested in making money, very poor customer service. I could only do so much, I couldn’t go to the store for help because of lockdown so what more could I have done? I now need a loan to get my roof fixed as I’ve got water coming in and I’m losing my winter fuel allowance. I can’t get a loan as I have this so called ‘bad debt’ on my credit report . This is a very unfair way to treat a customer who didn’t even want to leave but was told to go. Vodafone need to look at how they treat customers."
"I would give it a zero star if possible. I have been a long time user of AT&T's wireless & internet service for years and paid all bills on time, and they made me go through hell just trying to cancel my service. They do not enable online cancels so I have to call customer support, and they do not list support numbers explicitly. Finally one of the numbers called me back, wouldn't honor my original date of cancel, and forced extra charges on me. I will never use their service ever again."
Joined. Told I'd get min 68mbs . Got for the first week. Dropped to 2mbs customer services are a joke. Told I'd have a get out fee. On account stated £76. Actual fee £191 + 26 Total £217. I would advise anyone thinking of joining Vodafone to think again. And another issue. If you want to speak to anyone. Be prepared to take a couple hours out your day.
"1. I placed an online order to trade in my existing iPhone 13 Pro Max and buy a new Apple iPhone 15 Pro Max.2. The order succeeded and I received an email to pick it up at the store.3. I visited the store and the representative in Fremont, CA told me that the order was not accessible and that she needed to cancel the existing order and create a new one.4. We go ahead and cancel my online trade-in order and create a new order in the store.5. While creating the order, the representative never asked me if it was going to be a trade-in, which ideally she should have? Anyway, the order goes through after waiting for 30 minutes and I walk out with a new phone. I am assuming I will receive a FedEx label to send my existing phone to At&T.6. 20-25 days pass and I do not receive any label or email confirmation. I call in to customer support to inquire about the shipping label. The agent tells me the order was cancelled for some reason and that he has created a new trade in request so I can walk in at any time and return the device.7. I walk in after a week (I am a new dad) and the lady at the store tells me that she cannot accept it since I was 1 day late. Advises me to call the trade-in customer support to request for an extension.8. Sitting outside the store, I call in the trade-in customer support and they suggest that it's not doable and that I should reach out to AT&T customer support.9. I call in the customer support and they tell me to get in touch with trade-in customer support since they cannot extend it anymore.Being late by 1 day and not getting to trade in my $1000 iPhone turned into a horrible experience. In addition, they have added protection plans without permission increasing my bill by at least $30/month. I have talked to them to remove them but still no update.Not sure what's going on with AT&T but their service is turning into a nightmare. I will switch to another carrier along with my family and friends the moment I have paid off the phone."
"I just don’t have service ever. I was in fl and moved to co and everywhere is a black zone, terrible customer service as well"
very bad exprience with T-mobile today..After being with t-mobile for over 15 years customer service was no help at all..I have always paid for insurance for my Samsung Galaxy phone warranty and since Assurance didnt have it in stock they made me take a very inferior phone called WingTech which gets horrible reviews…Regardless that i pay for a warrenty for Samsung they force you to take it or leave it…I will be looking into other carriers now and leaving T-mobile as soon as possible
"Absolutely rubbish, moved home ,supposed to supply Internet from 31st December, still waiting  spoken to 4 advisers,all rubbish can't even send an engineer to fix problem, but expect payment"
"I used the self-service option to request the porting of two numbers into Vodafone on the 13th and 14th of December. It has now been nearly a month, and the numbers have not been ported. To make matters worse, neither the original Vodafone numbers nor the ported-in numbers are working.I have attempted to resolve this issue through your online chat service, but the chatbot refuses to transfer me to a human agent. I have also called multiple times without success. This situation is unacceptable, and I am now considering reporting the matter to OFCOM.Vodafone has lost my numbers in the porting process, and they are now stuck somewhere in your system. This issue needs to be resolved immediately, as I will not tolerate any further delays.This matter needs to be prioritised and demand that a swift remedy is assured.Can someone respond to my complaint so that I can provide all the details to get this mess sorted.I made a big mistake choosomg to port into Vodafone. I now regret itI don't use Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, so please provide an email address to contact you."
I give it a zero the past 3 weeks My internet has been out more than it ran. They tell me there and outage evey time but I still have to pay my bill. WHAT EVER YOU DO DONT SIGN UP WITH THEM THERE SERVICE IS SO BAD. THERE DOWN MORE THEN THEY RUN BUT TYEY WANT YOU TO STILL PAY TOMORROW I AM GOING SOMEWHERE ELSE
"AT & T is a nightmare. It’s a catch 22 abyss with no resolution and the customer service when you try to resolve issues by calling 611, is hostile, inefficient and uncaring.  Trying to upgrade one of our cell lines. There is a glitch on the account that was placed there months ago . It happened when I attempted to upgrade by phone. Got a person in a foreign country. Almost through with upgrading. Call dropped. Called back . Call dropped again. Went to AT& T kiosk. They couldn’t resolve the issue. They told us to go Corporate store. We did that and they upgraded my phone . But after an hour the same thing happened as at the kiosk. They said there’s a block or note preventing you from upgrading the other line. We can’t help you. You will have to call 611. Total nightmare!"
"Had an awful experience with Vodafone customer services. If you eventually get to speak to a person instead of a robot you cannot understand a word of English they are trying to speak. Mainly they are rude, with the exception of a few and despite me trying to relay a problem with my broadband over 7 separate phone calls, nothing was ever communicated to Openreach. Needless to say I cancelled my account and want nothing more to do with Vodafone EVER!  Think twice before being enticed by their cheap deals because it will end up costing you your sanity."
"T-Mobile has been a hassle , I had gotten the high speed internet because the lady at the store said it would be $35 a month on my next bill it said I added a phone line and charged me $45 for the internet then I just paid my phone bill last month I had $26.25 left on my phone and I paid it and I looked on my account they never took that payment off so I'm again going to pay for a phone that should of been paid off last month."
"Unfortunately I don’t have the same experience as most people because I’m a 100% disabled veteran who was ran over twice by two different people, the second of which caused me to have a bone infection and had to have my left big toe surgically removed. During which time AT&T cut off my service. I don’t intend to ever use the company again and don’t recommend it to anyone else because they are not professional or patriotic in any way."
"One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a company. Purchased a new broadband service from them. They canceled the installation without telling us, I took a day away from working. Had several phone calls with them one lasting 57mins! They kept telling me that it was canceled because they couldn't transfer our number across. This we hadn't asked them to do and they even sent us a new number in the confirmation letter. I was offered £6.10 compensation for my wasted day off!"
"Paid £9.99 premium delivery for a specific day/date and time slot, only for this to fail and be refused a refund despite receiving the phone days later than I had paid extra for."
was with vodafone  for 6 days because they would not correct my last name they messed up they were only  wanting a 4 digit  security code from me  witch I could not remember .they did dot have the brains to check my form that I signed up with or my bank details  also my email address witch they had .so as I said only 6 days I had there router  and I took it to a vodafone shop in Aberdeen bon a cord centre .now I just got my bank statement with £28.oo taken out  by vodafone I returned there item with in the 14 day .rip off artists.
They are definitely liars. Promise you one thing and do something different. It's impossible to talk to an English person let alone a manager. You can't reason with these foreigners. Best you can do is file a complaint with the FCC and Better business.
"The company offer packages and lots of “amazing” deals. But if you accept or sign up for any of them you get charged for both, the deal offered and not having the deal as they always find an excuse or time that takes to activate. All not initially stated. Then £2 here, £3 there another month, then end of the year, how much extra charge from all people enrolled with them? Absolutely ridiculous what Vodafone is doing. Don’t go to Vodafone for deals. Coverage is horrible and you always over pay for everything."
"For the third time and the second within a year, my service was cut off for no reason except ATT did not refresh the connection in some way. I was driving around with no service for the day to only discover this when I returned home. As I said this is the third time this has happened. Called customer service on a second phone and after having to provide phone info and spending a long time on the phone the problem was fixed. No apologies for my inconvenience, just another day at ATT. Second, with prepaid service you cannot contact customer service other than by phone and texting. If you have no service and have only one phone, how do you do this? I tried to use the online chat service, but I was told they couldn't help me because I'm prepaid. This happened last year. I purchased a second phone at the time. I've been on ATT for around 20 years. No more."
"Vodafone - No, I won't communicate with your Social Media team.  That's what you did the last time to take it out of sight of the public and still the problem persists.  I want to speak with a management level human being who can get this fixed once and for all.  I said the same thing to the social media person who contacted me on X.  And the discussions will be put on TrustPilot so Vodafone actually deals with the issue and fixes it.--I thought we had this worked out.  But again - Vodafone cancelled FIVE attempts to top up my mobile number - using 2 different cards - online from my account and calling in to Customer Service.  Aside from the fact that the Customer Service Rep had no interest in listening to what I was saying - I WANT TO KNOW WHY VODAFONE IS NOT ACCEPTING MY PAYMENT.  There is no problem with money in either card.  I have been successfully paying ONLINE and via the SAME phone number for 3 months.  Now - out of the blue - the same problems again!  What IS the issue???  4 Days to get this sorted.  I have money left on the account and 13 GB of data on this account.  Contact me on the number."
Tried talking to customer service and am able to get anyone. Was talking to a Jay and he transferred me and no one ever came back on.  Very poor customer service I recommend do not sign up for the service as they do not stand behind anything once you sign up.  Impossible to speak with a human unless you go to a store hopefully you have 1 closer than 50 miles away.
"After almost 20 years of being a customer, I requested a one time exception to make a payment arrangement and was told “my account doesn’t qualify”. This occurred after being told I’ve never had any returned payments or other issues. No one was willing to assist and chalked it up to a random system selection that determines who can get an exception and who cannot. Additionally, Jose Z., a manager, was rude, unprofessional, misleading and hung up on me when I pointed out discrepancies in what he relayed to me. A company who has had so many issues and instability with protecting customer information should be more concerned and customer friendly. It’s time to change carriers!"
"Sold a Galaxy Watch when I have a moto phone.  They do not work together.  The watch when I am on my phone drops the calls.  I have been on the phone with customer service, tech support.  My only option is to buy a new phone that is Samsung.  This is crazy!!  Why are they selling the watch that does not work with my phone.  They then will not take the watch back."
"Stay away! I had tmobile for almost 10 years. At first they were good, over time the service (phone) has been awful for me everywhere. I even had to call multiple times to see what was going on. Was super patient, even tried out their internet. Which sucked in my area and I had to cancel it within 4 months. Anyways the service never improved so I finally left them! And ever since they’ve been treating me bad, I’ve called to pay off my remaining bill and no one helps me. Tried the chat same thing. I received a bill by mail that told me to pay online as a guest and their system won’t let me either. Overall bad phone and internet service and unfortunately bad customer service!! which is why they lost a great client with meCome to find out that they charged my card without my permission for the remaining balance on the phone and the $1 bill owed them for service. Horrible company! I’m appalled, this is illegal"
10 word minimum.I switched over to AT&T from metro.They promised me a free iPhone 15 pro.I've been charged $27 for 4 months now after l've already sent in my iPhone. The accredited themselves 60 more days to get the iPhone after they sent me a shipping label for the wrong address. Idk where they shipped my iPhone to and I'm still paying for a phone they told me was free. After confronting them 2 times they said they can't do anything for me. Once this is Done I will switch back
Worst customer service ever.  Our bill ended up being $60 more than they promised and our 1st bill was over $900 which is absurd. We had to file a complaint with the FTC to get this fixed.  Since then our bill has been slowly going up with no explanation and when you try to get someone on the phone you can't get past the automated system.  I absolutely hate this company and as soon as the contract is up I will switch and never go back.
Bill had been 55 a month for four years. Randomly increased to 130 and paid that on Nov 20. Suddenly received another bill for 130 stating if I don’t pay before the 9th then they’ll cut service. I scheduled three calls on the 8th with no call backs and they cut my service at midnight despite me checking my billing history and my bill isn’t due until Dec 20. Can’t get a hold of anyone until tomorrow night and it’s finals week and I have no internet. Honestly kind of ridiculous.
"T-MOBILE  isn't a the phone company you will want to us. While we used them we had nothing but issues and costumer service couldn't ever fix the problem. Once we canceled with them we found out they had been charging us for an additional line the whole time. It's now been 3 month after closing our account and they again took money from our account. We spoke to two different managers and one says we still owed money (which we dont) and the other says ""I see everything is paid in full and I'm not sure why we took another payment. We can reimburse you, however, it's going to take about 60 days.""We will never use T-MOBILE  again!"
"Le pongo 1 porque no hay 0.Mas de una hora en hold en el teléfono, oyendo musica y propagandas estupidas, que dicen que pida mas información el agente que no contesta.I give it a 1 because there is no 0.More than an hour on hold on the phone, listening to music and stupid commercials, telling me to ask for more information from the agent who doesn't answer."
"I had fiber for over a year, sales rep talked me into bundling phone for a discount and agreeing has been a huge regret. Received new phone and tried to activate on my own. When not capable called customer service and had them activate. After phones have been activated I saw a huge difference on a price than what sales rep. Talked earlier. I called customer service again and asked, Was told they couldn’t help me since a home rep sold me phones. sales rep would not talk to me, never answers the phone barely replies the text with no reliable answer even with begging and pleading for help, I visited a store, they told me the same as they could not help because they don’t know how the sales rep was able to manage to give me that price. I will call corporate office and see what solution I will be given but definitely will go out of this service even the fiber I had over a year. They may say can’t help because you trusted somebody we selected to fraud innocent people going around knocking the doors so we can make some money which we couldn’t by regular business. Nothing for the pain sweat and LITERAL TEARS of this terrible move."
"unacceptable in everyway $70 a month for complete trash that doesn't work. Too bad they are the only service provider in my area otherwise I'd never use this cancer of a company again, terrible service, terrible latency, overpriced, low speeds. I mean how can you have a company that does everything wrong. I'd rate negative stars if i could"
"Vodafone Scam AlertI've been using a Vodafone SIM and internet service for almost 4 years. Recently, I moved to a new area where their internet simply doesn't work. When I contacted them, they admitted there’s an issue and claimed they’re ""actively working on it.""I explained that I’m in a contract and requested a refund for the service I can’t use. Their response? ""We can’t do that.""Today, I received a call from a senior manager who suggested trying some steps to fix the issue and promised to call back if they didn’t work. As a ""solution,"" he offered me a £20 voucher to spend anywhere—completely ridiculous and unacceptable.Avoid Vodafone at all costs."
Had to call the help line 6+ times to get a fan pin number. They provided several different pin numbers that were incorrect and seemed to have no idea what they were doing.
try calling customer service wait hours then they hang up. dont dare ask to lower bill they said yes my next bill was double then took for ever to fix it.use anyone else they are horrible.
"I tried talking to vodafone, explaining to them that I need to be free from the contract because I changed my tenancy and since they cannot give me a good signal, I have to transfer to another network. I explained to them, I would not be transferring if they are able to give me a good signal. However they can only give my 1 bar signal and E for my internet. It is not in my control to have this signal, and if they cannot provide it, it is only fair that they let me go. They want me to pay a termination fee which I am not happy to accept since I am not the one who has control with the signal. They should take action. They change my sim to e sim but signal is the same. After repeated calls, I am still with vodafone. I am sufferring, depress and very frustrated. I work hard to earn my money, and I want to get the worth of my money, the service that they promise to provide. But, instead, a big company like vodafone will not process my request to end with them freely and continue to make me suffer. I am now isolated from contacting my family which is my only source of strength. I am been very sad and depress and might be thinking that maybe all bad things would happen to me eventually. I don’t understand why vodafone is so greedy and won’t let me go. This happened since 1st November and they have not taken action. They don’t care. They just want your money! I hope you are happy to waste my money. I hope you are happy to contribute further to my depression. I just hope whoever owns this company, this comes back to you a hundred fold. I hope you get so rich than you are now and still be unhappy!"
"My internet went out a couple of days ago.  I work during the day so all I really did was try to fix it myself. I called the number and I got the robot. It went through some testing that didn't work so I had to call back and it did some more testing which disconnected me and it didn't work either.  I called back this morning and the same thing..A ROBOT. Didn't work again. I called customer service and I opted for a call back tat never came.  I called back again and waited on hold for 45 min.  I got an Indian who I could barely understand but she was nice.  She did a couple more tests and said there was an outage in the area.  I looked at outages before I called and there wasn't any.  I work Monday thru Friday 30 miles away and I have to give 24 hr notice to be off. I can't just leave.I had to set it up for Tuesday.  I am without internet for 5 days.  Not only do they need to get more humans on the phone, they need to get people we can understand.  Have your repair people work on weekends for your customers..ATT sure knows how to take your money but the respect for their customers is nonexistent."
"I've been with At&t for over 15 years, my dad worked for them for almost 50 and I'm done! I feel scammed! I traded a paid for phone to them and now I'm stuck with a phone for 3 years! The non speaking English agent lied and said it was an even trade. I should own this phone! I'll never trust them again!"
"I absolutely hate my phone and service.  Unfortunately I'm stuck with it til I pay the phone off. I've had horrible service the entire time , and the phone is slow or freezes. Only time it works good is when it's on wifi . I plan on paying it off soon and leaving for good . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THERE SERVICE OR PHONES. I HATE IT ."
"They were good for a while, until my bill got over $300/month. Granted it was for devices for 4 people, but when I found a better deal they wouldn’t release the devices to port out and I ended up having to port out one by one which cost $60 total that I didn’t account for. Bad business practice."
Deceptive.  Offer rebates and promotions that they do not honor.  There’s a class action lawsuit dated 12/8/24 for this.  I hope I can join.  There’s a reason they have 1.5 stars across the board.
Either there is no one working for T-Mobile that knows the promotions or they are all liars. I recently upgraded to the iPhone 16 I was told I didn’t qualify for the free upgrade to the 16 pro in store then when I called they told me I did qualify and didn’t understand why I was told in store that I didn’t. Long story short I was told that my bill would definitely stay the same and wouldn’t change at all. That was a lie along with a credit that was issued it just disappeared along with my trade in amount for my old phone. I’ve been with them for 23 plus years I’ve always had several lines but with my recent experience I will be changing companies completely after the current phone that was supposed to be free is paid off.If there is a lawsuit against this issue with them I’d like to join in what they are doing to customers is not legal at all. PLEASE DONT USE T-MOBILE.
I have 3 contracts with Vodafone and have been a loyal customer for over 20yrs.But I'm getting to the point where I will likely move them all because I have now been without mobile data for 4 daysLast thing I received was a message saying I don't need to do anything it's being looked at... since then absolutely nothing!
Tmobile sucks and it keeps disconnecting don’t use tmobile if you want to have good connection
"Awful service. I've been with them since March time and found it to be by far the worst broadband I've ever had, despite it being advertised as the quickest.I've had outages, devices unable to connect to a wi-fi router less than two metres away and unhelpful staff who have tried to blame me for not running LAN cables throughout my house, or who have ignored requests to not phone and deal with issues over email instead.Avoid if you want reliable internet."
AT&T wireless is the worse they make tons of promises to you and they don’t deliver the worst mistake in the world that I ever made was switching my phone service to AT&T wireless don’t get them
Had trouble from the very beginning. Overtime the service got worse and worse. Finally cut it off today. We have been without internet for days now.
"Absolute worst service and company to deal with. I don't recommend them to anyone. Not only do they lie about products and billing, they don't honor anything they say. We canceled service within 2 weeks, Was told we had 30 days. T-mobile sent us a label to return and said it's within timeframe. We got a bill for $2300 and they say there is nothing they will do about it. So they took returned phones and still billed us for them. Worst customer service ever!!!"
"I've been with ATT my entire life.  Their service has been spotty but I've stayed with them bc I thought they were better than others.  Recently, they've been installing fiber optic cables in my neighborhood and have cut my lines repeatedly.  No sooner do they get me fixed than I'm cut AGAIN.  I have to go through their nightmare of what they call ""customer service"" to get my wifi back.  Then, as if that isn't bad enough when I'm on the phone with my ""customer service"" repeatedly i hear a party in the background.  Everyone is laughing, joking, and having a blast...of course, NOT their customer.  I have to stay in for the third time in two weeks, instead of taking care of my business, to be available for their ""technician.""  It's time to dump ATT and find a company that's reliable so that I can have a party of my own ."
"ATT charged me $100 for set up & promised excellent service.  I kept it for several months but had to call tech support multiple times.  Overall, it was terrible.  They also increased my bill.  T-mobile has been better and their customer service hasn't been a whooping.  App interface is worse but I don't really care."
Local mast broke in February. Peripatetic texts from Vodafone to say “we are working hard … blah blah blah” Then radio silence. It took 7 MONTHS for the mast to apparently be repaired and yet we still have no signal. Useless bot on website. Can’t talk to a human being. What am I paying for? I think I’m going to move to another supplier who might be better. It’s a shame as Vodafone used to be great.
18/11 Have you read my content? I chatted with your CS twice and the issue wasn't solved besides a new order without dealt offers. Who’s responsible for the invalid order numbers? Those are generated from your company.I ordered 2 times from the compare broadband quote on Topcashback website. The later one made on 6th Nov with confirmation email. I traced the orders afterwards but CS claimed the orders didn't exist with inactive accounts. He also claimed he couldn't reactivate and just create new order without offers. My wife experienced once 2 years ago that created her current contract without cashback and vouchers offered as I hurried for the service. I think this company is really tricky and unreliable with the contracts. And I do hope Topcashback should stop the deals with it as it becomes notorious I believe.
"When I tell you, I’m extremely upset and frustrated when it comes to AT&T and a customer service center versus the AT&T stores or headquarters where you purchase merchandise I’m extremely upset that they do not be on the same page when it comes to customer service versus a AT&T store I’m extremely upset because of the advertising that the store representatives give you in order to purchase a new phone or tablet or etc.. I’m extremely upset that the information That was Gave to me about upgrading my daughter iPhone 11 was completely wrong and fast advertised to me in order to get the upgrade. This how it happened my phone was glitching really bad so I called to get it fixed. They told me she had an upgrade on that Pacific phone and line number in order for me to get the upgrade. I will have to pay the sales tax which was fine which so I paid the sales tax, they told me after I paid the sales tax. The phone was out of stock so I had to wait 7 to 10 business days to get that 60 something back and that I could go to one of the AT&T sites to purchase the phone inside of the store so I proceeded to do that  to the store the representative customer service agent at the store told me again. I see some information about a upgrade that you qualify for and I said yes my daughter phone is glitching. I wanted to get it fixed to keep it, but they said she had an upgrade for this Pacific line and Phone , he said yes that’s correct. She can get the iPhone 15 Pro. You just have to pay the sales tax so I’m like again, but I haven’t been refunded the sales tax that I just paid to come here to get the phone so so I paid again got the phone. He helped me  with transferring all her information pictures etc. so then he hit me with since you got this phone. You qualify for an iPad generation or you have to do today is pay the sales tax in order to receive it and pay off overtime on installments. just like the iPhone 15 so I paid I believe 60 something again for the sales tax he said the iPhone 15 installments I believe $15 monthly and the iPad is $34 monthly including the monthly bills so he said only thing you should see on your bill is 45 more dollars On your bill cycle, we waive the activation fee, etc. so so I asked again are you sure this the only thing I’m going to see when my bill come y’all advertise me before that’s how I open these lines a couple years ago due to advertising and he said I’m sorry you experienced that ma’am but yes, I’m sure I said OK. Let’s wrap things up, so he help me set up the iPad generation Connecting all my information on it from my phone, which I appreciated that so I left the store about a month later, I got the bill when I tell you my bill was ridiculous. Had all these fees a couple $80 fees each a couple activation fees might be it was like possibly $250 more than what it normally be so I called to ask what is all of this about what is going on why is all these fees on my bill Triple time this doesn’t make sense is what I told the representative so he tried to make it make sense to Why These fees and these larger amounts is on there, but it still don’t add up and it still don’t make sense And y’all still falsely advertising again to get To get the upgrade and the iPad so I still end up paying the $250 on my bill making my bill 600 and something dollars which I still feel like I need my money back because I was overly charged heavily And come to find out they added another line to my bill without my knowledge so is that not advertising where did the other line come from and how did it get here? So I called AT&T instead of going in the store. The agent on the phone told me I had another line opened when I got the upgrade in order for me to get the upgrade. I had to open up a new line. My mouth dropped wide open like what do you mean I opened the new line? I didn’t consent to open a new line. I wasn’t even told that in order for me to get the upgrade. I had to open a new line. I was told that the iPhone 11 already had an upgrade on it to receive, so that’s what I initially did and was told I did so once again where did this line come from and why was I lied to in order for you to make profit so now I’m stuck with this line that I didn’t ask about to receive and how did my upgrade on the phone that I already have that’s already connected to service become A whole new line and in order for y’all to try to fix it y’all continue to lie and try to make it make sense to why it happened. That way there’s no reason it should’ve happened that way there’s no reason told me in order for me to get upgrade, I had to open a new line, no reason there’s no reason I wasn’t told that if y’all would’ve told me that to give me the option to weigh out myself, maybe I would’ve proceeded but y’all didn’t give me that option. Y’all lied to me and Falsely advertised me for the second time And hear my bill still coming in overly heavy and overly charging All because of knowledge I didn’t receive to weigh my options Highly upset Law"
Absolutely hate the customer servicewhen i closed my old vodafone account they put a S for settle on my credit agremeent even though it was paid on time and with no issues - they affected my credit rating.Secondly - i recently went back to Vodafone for broadband - i have WASTED the last hour trying to speak to a a human - took 45 minutes bouncing around from automated system their online system is TOTALLY useless aswell - didn't accept the security pin even though it was correct an verified.
Person In charge of us 'mat' was disrespectful arrogant and overall had terrible customer service skill 0/100 would never use at&t customer service again
"AT&T does not deserve good customers (10+ years) if they shut off the phone without notice, and lock the phone to a robot.  For the Internet, I found Xfility for $9.95 a month.  They did not stop service or send threatening shutoff messages when ACP was not renewed.  I do not care to deal with AT&T again.  Thank you for your consistent concern, I appreciate it. I think I deserve back the $58.60 that I paid for the Interim phone, and some reimbursement for the frantic week I spent with NO phone, trying to find out why you shut it off.  That was nasty, being locked to a robot who demanded my credit card, and even nastier when I reached that woman.   I would appreciate a check for $58.60 for the month-to month interim phone (Lyca) plus a check of reimbursement for the Metro Mobile (att) which cost $62.73 for the Metro Mobile - plus the loss of a week, being terrified, and running around with a caregiver, desperately trying to get a phone set up.and for all the upset trying to get phone when there was no phone.  I REMIND YOU THAT I AM ELDERLY, DISABLED (STROKE) and it is highly dangerous for me not to have a phone to call for help, should I fall, or become frightened.  Due to your despicable handling of the Congress not renewing your government subsidy, you placed my life in danger, and caused me the loss of a frantic week, and $119.11 for phone service, and one week of caregiver time - 25 hours at 17.35 an hour through IHSS.   That is $433.75 that you owe us back, $552.86, plus damages for being so frightened."
"Mada a huge mistake moving from ATT. From day 1 not happy with how my porting started and the false promotion they promised.My honest recommendation to AT T users please do not switch from ATT, if your are switching please don't come to TMobile because of the below reasons.1. Poor network coverage. They say we support wifi calling , when you are at work you don't have a wifi network and my office is in NYC and I have only 1 point signal. I never had this issue with ATT2. promotions what ever they have won't continue even for a week. The promotions whatever they offered me during the sales got expired before I activated all my numbers. I had to wait couple of days to get my phone unlocked from  ATT by then they said your promotions is expired and I am no more eligible for the promotional offer signed up. More over the promotions is eligible only if we activate all number in your account I order to get all lines.3. We are 5 in the plan the promotions said free phones on all lines when we added free phones we neee asked to pay  800 for the 5th and said this gets credited month on month. Which was not explained by the sales person in the store. We have 5 lines what will the other members think about me when I say this offer no more exists. I am adding them to my line by saying the promotional benefits. What kind trust will I have.my name gets spoiled because of this4. Porting and activation my line was not activated for 24 hrs after porting happened. I did not realize the phone wasn't activated until next day. I had to call them to activate Mt number wherein I had to wait 40 mins on call to get connectedOverall I'm with wrong hands and no more I will refer or recommend my friends and family to T mobile.  After 2 yrs I will switch back to ATT."
"I have my broadband and mobile with these cowboysThe Wi-Fi doesn’t reach all the way round my small council house and they wanted me to buy the or extenders at about £180 extra a yearMy mobile doesn't work at the front of the house (where the Wi-Fi doesn’t reach), so yet again today I have spent over an hour doing all the resets and still the same poor serviceThey won’t let me cancel my contract even though they can’t provide the service I’m paying for"
"I had a business account with T-Mobile, with 10 phone lines and a couple of other devices. They guaranteed me credits of $600 per line to switch over to them. Once I switched, they said that I didn’t qualify for those credits and only got $150 per line. My first invoice was incorrectly $1500. In calling them, they said that was a mistake, and I should only pay what I owed, which was about $500. I did that, but two weeks later, they shut off my lines and charge me to turn them back on. They did this four subsequent times over three months. I finally had to transfer out. They are now invoicing me for over $1000 for a phone they say I purchased from them that I had originally bought from Verizon and ported in when I first transferred to them. This company is an absolute train wreck, I have spent countless hours working on it to get resolved. I even come lost a few clients because they could not reach me. They keep telling me they will have someone call me back to me, but they never do. They have now sent my bill for a phone that I owned before I came to them, to collections. Absolutely corrupt!"
"Over-the phone internet T-Mobile rates change within the hour!I telephoned the Pembroke Pines/I-75 store, and Ernesto told me that the internet rate would be $50. I went into the store, filled in all the paperwork, had a soft credit check, lifted my credit freeze on 3 credit bureaus, and then Ernesto announced that “Oh, they just changed the rate a few days ago. The rate is $65.”I wasted 1 hour because of Ernesto’s lie! If you have an hour to waste, telephone T-Mobil, listen to a non-existent rate, then go into the store, and you’ll hear the real rate—which will be higher than the one he quoted.He also told me that I could have a 2-week trial period. But that was over the over-the-telephone rate. Maybe it will be a 2-day trial period if I go into the store. Who knows?Welcome to T-Mobil—where you get a low internet price over the phone, but by the time to get INTO the store, you get the higher price!The store was empty. I should have known. Everyone is smart enough to stay away from Ernesto’s lies. You have been warned!"
They are doing everything illegally. I cannot even move to other service as they made me to stay with them for 3 years. Made a very big mistake moving from Verizon to AT&T. I wish AT&T go bankrupt soon. They are losing customer confidence. Their billing is most corrupt in the nation. Please don't believe Costco AT&T sales people are any sales and move blindly to AT&T. Tmobile has a better service than AT&T in NJ. Lets all sue AT&T for the illegal business practice they are doing.
"So I learned a lesson. Yes, you will get a $5/month latest iPhone BUT AT&T owns you. You will NEVER own your phone meaning if you travel you can’t put a eSIM card in your phone unless you have fully paid for the phone. You think that’s reasonable? Not quite. Once your phone is paid for, AT&T must unlock the phone you fully paid for. You think that’s easy? Not at all. You will call their customer service and you’ll spend at least 30 minutes on the phone to someone who will tell you to do take all these steps and take zero responsibilities when it doesn’t work. So buy your phone with Apple, it’s more monthly but the phone is immediately unlocked, you actually own what you pay for."
Worse network service and kind a scam plot to switch from other carrier. Gave me discounts and almost the same rate of my previous carrier. After switching they starts increase the amount of bills. After 25 months almost doubled my bill amount.
"Switching from Verizon to at&t was one of the worst decision I made.  They have zero respect for their customers and they are liars.  Any call I make to my husband from the house to the garage (on our property) is ALWAYS choppy or gets lost.  I think they make no effort to better themselves because they don't care.  I should never have had someone come into my house while I was having another at&t repairman there.  I do not like the way they do this and only switched because the rep made promises I had to fight to obtain fully.  They are awful!!! The phone connection sucks and when I asked about fiber optic, they said it was coming to my area within a few weeks...I found out they lied about that!! I will make sure I switch to another company."
"Att technicians are some of the laziest people on the planet. Never get att if you want real customer service. I speak for an entire neighborhood out in travelers rest sc, we’ve been without wifi for a month and they refuse to come out and fix the lines"
"Last May, I intended to cancel my contract as I was leaving the UK to travel overseas. However, when I called to cancel, I was offered an alternative plan and assured that it would work globally.Initially, this seemed like a great deal. However, I later discovered that the plan has a restriction: after 90 days outside the UK, you can only use the data globally if you’ve spent more time in the UK than abroad. This was never explained to me at the time of purchase.This condition makes the plan completely unsuitable for me, as my sole reason for agreeing to it was to maintain my regular services while traveling. Now, I’m stuck paying £42 a month for a plan I cannot use, in addition to purchasing local SIM cards.I am deeply disappointed with the service I’ve received from Vodafone. After 15 years as a loyal customer, I will be canceling my contract as soon as it ends and will not be returning.If the plan could not be used overseas as a regular contract, it should never have been sold to me, and I should have been allowed to cancel my original contract without pressure or misrepresentation."
"Vodafone mobile network reception very poor. Same like Lebara/ Vodafone /Talk mobile all are same company different names. N1C 4PF and E11 3LJ both are internet very poor. 20 years ago was same reception in my area, now 2024 still same. You can't search or watch any streaming in indoor.I'll say avoid Talk mobile and Vodafone until they improve network coverage.Thanks"
WISH I COULD GIVE A MINUS REVIEW. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE
The manager Ivanovitch was so rude and refused to serve me after I waited 1hr 30 mins JUST FOR A SIM CARD! Instead he was flirting with the girl who was in front of me. I was obviously mad at this point as I had plans which were ruined just for him to say he’s not going to serve me. Also his little minion praise needs to know when to stop talking. In conclusion hate this place from the bottom of my heart and do not recommend anyone to come .
I would have gave you zero stars if it let service worst service
"I have been with T-mobile for many, many years the call quality is solid  however, the customer service is by far the most subpar, well below standard customer service I have ever dealt with agents and supervisors are apparently only allowed to stay on script and can in no way vary to provide actual customer service. The automated system is set up to ask you the same questions a minimum of 3 times each before it will transfer you to an agent and the agents make it clear that they will do no more if not less the what the automated system can do, and do not let me even get started on the procedures they make up and put in place that get you to go into the store where the store associates then look at you lost and say “I’m not sure why they told you to come in for that? We will have to call customer service!” An overseas agent set up my initial business account over the phone and completely misspelled my name. It to 2 years to partially clear this up and the random name now appears on my credit report. I sadly wish I was making this up lol. This is just on scenario."
"beware of their offer to trade in your old phone for a new one.update -Dear Vodafone, nevermind I can contact you on social media (that I don't have), how about you contact me by phone or text - Account # 213344653.I am getting nowhere with 191 as they don't even know the scheme exists!"
"Honestly for the money they charge for service, including hidden fees and taxes, you would think the customer service would be up to par. My experience with At&t has been miserable. From overcharges, to customer service misinformation, its really sad at the end of the day. Ive only been with them for about 5 months and have been calling for the past 4 months to gain access to my account online because one of their reps decided to input the wrong email for my user id. Which for some reason they are unable to correct over the phone, and insist I go back to the store where I purchased the phone ( I really do not see why it would matter). On top of that every time I do call the customer service line, I risk the chance of the call dropping and having to start the process all over again ( because their customer service reps seem to be operating on a different phone service, and do not hesitate to remind of this possibility every-time I call). My bill should have been one flat rate but since the first month, I seem to owe more and more money. I do not understand how they pride themselves on below standard customer service and robbing people. Say what you want, but I cant wait to switch to another service provider. Its alway a gamble every billing cycle, and they do not seem to care about customer complaints or holding their customer service reps accountable. There service is not worth the money or the time, and they really should hold a company meeting on improving in the customer service area instead of focusing on the profit section for once."
"AT&T has the worst customer service I’ve ever experienced. Every issue requires not just one, but four to five calls—sometimes even more—just to have a chance at getting it resolved. Each time I call, I’m met with a new answer or conflicting information, making it impossible to feel confident that anyone truly knows how to help. It’s incredibly frustrating and time-consuming. If you’re considering a mobile carrier, I would strongly recommend looking elsewhere. AT&T used to be known for quality and reliability, but it’s clear that those values have taken a back seat. I’m genuinely disappointed in what this company’s customer service has become."
"Sold at Costco, was told by ATT Retail that the Costco ""contractors"" were a scam, increased plan cost, botched transfer from Xfinity in the retail store (assigned phone number to an apple watch), other botched transfer issues, cancelled service after 4 days (""buyer's remorse"") and in took 25 hours of phone calls (plus one hour waiting for a store manager to leave and go to lunch only to have him tell me to call ""Customer Retention"") over five months to stop getting billed for services. I was supposed to get almost $800 in credits but only got $540 (approximately) of them processed. Multiple promises that they would provide credits and correspondence.  I think my experience with them is over, after the put me in collections for $38.77 because I told my credit card company to stop paying their bills (after not having their services for several months).  They charge the $38.77 for my autopay being rejected!  I finally paid the $38.77 because it was less ""costly"" than spending another two hours on hold and with ATT Biling rep tell me that his manager had to call me back withing 48 hours!"
"I placed my order for broadband but somehow it never arrived and on the day of installation, nobody came and when I asked customer service, they said my order was cancelled.After more discussions with customer service, they offered to help me sign up to another new plan, but would be more expensive than the one I originally had. Also could not get an earlier installation date after they missed my original date. Additionally, refused to provide any temporary solutions e.g. a mobile broadband to bridge the gap.Overall, extremely terrible for 1. Not honouring the order and not offering any explanations, 2. Not even trying to do anything to make up for it, 3. Leaving potential customers in a very inconvenient position"
"This company is the worst  I change from Verizon  5 lines to get better deal and international deal they told me is going to be $15 dallar for extra line what is was good deal no signal en ecuador bad signal and they send me bill for 1 month $10,000.00 dallar is ridiculous  now theySend to credit report"
Straight garbage. I got sos in my room. My ROOM. And the paying system is goofy
"I switched to VErizon bc they decided to raise my rates. I did so before my next bill. They charged me $400 and are telling me I cannot get a refund for 31 days!!! Also, never get their Internet Air...it is too slow and there are not options for faster speeds."
Purchased their fibre 500 broadband package online. Received confirmation of contract and delivery dates for router… within a few days the contract was cancelled by Vodafone for no reason when we phoned they couldn’t access the account and then couldn’t give us the same offer… shambles
"ATT was hacked twice and even didn't notify customers for a few months. ATT doesn't protect customer's personal info. I receive a lot of scammers calls, I block them, even don't answer, but other similar numbers continue bothering me. I receive creepy text messages of unknown people pretending than they know me. ATT have to clean up their system of dark web,scammers,spammers and other criminals. It isn't safe to use ATT already. It hurts businesses, people, consumers, economy....Yes, because people are SCARED to answer and be comfortable in ATT system. Even now,posting this,I am worried that scammers don't use my e-mail address just because ATT don't care!!!  Thanks."
"dog shit of an fiber service and billing department, every month I had to call loyal department for them to manually adjust my billing because the ticket they submitted for me has yet to be resolved."
"Absolute horror story beginning to end. Wrong trade in phone written on the order, had to return brand new phone and completely start over after hours in the store and three days waiting for the phone. Then SIM card they installed in the old phone wasn’t  activated, was told it was xfinity’s fault and wasted hours trying to get it resolved only to find out it was TMobile all along. Another week of no service. Then phone couldn’t be activated after 4.5 hours, was told it was their connection but it didn’t work at our home either. Finally got issue resolved after multiple days, one hour trips each way and several hours in the store, calls, texts, etc. Then received notification our checking account was debited, wanted to use a credit card from the beginning, wasn’t told it would be an additional $20 per month. Was told we received a credit for trade in phone against out of pocket costs, which never happened. Several calls to customer service later our service is more expensive than we were told, there’s an additional charge for a phone and the credit doesn’t offset it, and no one seems able to understand the simple math that $120 credit against $120 charges equals $0. What a mistake."
Worst customer service of any company ever with the exception of PayPal ! I don't get my text from the Braves or PayPal every other text I get. I miss the first five innings of the Braves game because you have to have a smartphone to get in the gate they don't have paper tickets anymore. And this T-Mobile phone couldn't get text from the Braves for some idiotic reason. So T-Mobile ruined my birthday I'm canceling my service with them and those incompetent morons will never get another cent from me ! And they almost got me evicted when I couldn't get a text code to confirm my identity for 3 months now. Stay away from T-Mobile and PayPal or you could get a nervous breakdown like me. Cried and yelled at them for hours now the last three days and this is the third time their incompetence has caused me great misery ! Phug T-Mobile 💩
"Absolutely disgusting customer service!!!  Anyone thinking of taking out a contract with Vodafone please thing twice !!   They are trying to block me from having a contract with another provider by saying I want to switch to them, I only asked them what the deal was and they’ve told my provider I want to switch to them, which I never agreed any contact with them,  I spoke with a Zama a customer service agent who was so rude and refused to take me off the switch, I have not agreed a contract and they haven’t sent me anything, all I can say if you want to save yourself a lot of time and hassle as each time I ring they keep putting me on hold ( up to 1 hour a time)  use another provider!!"
"It took 9 days to get my WiFi running.  Not because of schedule date installation, but no one seems to know what the problem with my connection.  It took 5 agents, 9 days, hours and hours of wait time on the phone before someone finally figured out that I needed a fiber installed in my home.  Unknowledgeable customer support.  Hours and hours and days of wasted times. Frustration and anger is what I've experienced with AT&T just to get my wifi installed/transferred. I was ready to switch to Spectrum which I will soon if it wasn't for DirectTV steam which only offer to ATT&T.  But, my anger and frustration still exist with this company, I will soon switch and my friends and family will know exactly what my experience is and how I feel about AT&T.AT&T needs to train their support team in every aspect of figuring out what the issue is.  Should have the same support person to guide you through the process until it's resolved.  ATT should follow-up with customer to check on the results to see if it was resolved.  Not the customer calling back and be subjected to hours of wait again, be told get a call back just to go through the same process again with a new customer support."
"If I could give a zero that'd be more appropriate for this review.  I'm on a family plan and was interested in staying with TMobile but wanted off the plan, stay with TMobile and get a new number.  I researched their plans and decided to go with the 55 plus plan as I will be 66 this Friday.  The person at the store was not very interested in helping me or offering any feedback.  Frustrated I  said, ""ok I'll go with AT&T"".  Want to know what he said, ""ok, good luck""  The entire time I was with him he seemed more interested in what he was doing on the computer than helping me so I left.  Went to another carrier and notified my friend who said that's disappointing the lack of interest I was given and she will process this and may follow me to the other carrier.  She's been with TMobile for years but was very disappointed in the lack of professional customer Service and may leave herself.  That's all."
Worst customer service ever I sat on the phone with a woman who could barely speak English and she did not assist me she just cancelled the order and said well we can do it over if u have all the required documents
"Worst customer service ever! Because the customer support is outsourced to a different country, they don't understand what you are talking about and will waste your time without doing anything."
"I made a payment on 6/27 and they put it on someone else's account. I have spent days upon stays and hours upon hours trying to fix this.  2 times at&t requested a transfer and could not do it due to not having a read to this other persons account.   They ask me for their passcode.  It’s not my account,  how would I have access.  They say it is not their fault because I paid on the phone.  Are you kidding me,  that number is the number you gave to me on the email to call.   Once I pay off this phone,  I will never use their service again. At&y is horrible at customer service.  T-mobile’s actual service is not as good, however they bend over backward to keep you happy when they mess up.  I miss T-MOBILE AND WILM RUN BACK AS SOON AS I can.  AT&T you are so disorganized.  You could not find my payment twice even with my confirmation number you guys emailed me.  You emailed me the transfer was successful and it was not.   When I did have 2 services with you,  you could not link the accounts.   For such a big company you Guys are so horrible with the tools your reps have to solve your clients issues."
"I was in Walmart when an AT&T associate stopped me and offer me a ""FREE"" phone. He said that I have just to move my line from T-Mobile to AT&T and I will get the phone for free. I started the process and before finish he told me that I have to trade my iPhone 14 Pro Max. I asked him if he is crazy because I never would do that. I called the Walmart Manager and he made him cancel everything. But I start to receive an activation bill from AT&T. I went back there and he called AT&T and did not fix it. I called AT&T and I experience the worst costumer services in the world. They left me waiting for 57 minutes and hang off the phone. I called so many times and they do not solve the problem. If this goes to my credit I will take them to the court."
Very bad services. Extra charges that are not suppose to be there.
Worst Carrier ever I agree with all the 1star reviews
The worse service the rudest agents and are far from treating it caring for their customers. I was a loyal customer for over 30 years and my service was suspended a week before my bill was due. My information was leaked 3 times and never received an apology or offered any kind of incentive to remain a customer. Couldn't login to .y account due to them wanting to verify using my phone number which was suspended and told by three agents sorry we cant helo you. Dont use att unless you like getting bent over
"Worst telephone company, and dishonest. After decades of being a customer I finally changed carrier.Tired of dishonest charges, and the terrible customer service the client ends up paying for. And, it only keeps getting more and more expensive for its unreliable services.If I could give a no star I would.When I called to close my account, I was not told, ATT doesn’t prorate. I just found out today they will keep the money for 3 weeks of prepaid service on a closed account.Shame on them.Just like they read all their promotion scripts to clients, they could have more respect for us, and also read conditions and results to the changes we are considering, before we make a final decision.But then again, that ends up costing us more money, but making  ATT  even more easy money. Sickening."
"I have been using a Vodafone SIM card under contract while working at East Croydon Station, and the experience has been nothing short of frustrating. Despite multiple troubleshooting attempts and a SIM swap, the internet connection and network coverage remain non-existent. As a self-employed black cab driver, I rely heavily on mobile apps and internet access for my work, and this issue has severely impacted my ability to operate.For the past four months, I have sent emails to Vodafone's customer service and technical team every month, but have not received any response. Additionally, I have been calling customer service every week, sometimes twice a week, but they have not been able to fix the problem.When I requested to end the contract, which runs until June 2025, Vodafone insisted on a cancellation fee of £180. This is unacceptable considering the consistent lack of service. If you're considering signing a contract with Vodafone, think very carefully. In my experience, the service has been unreliable, and the support unhelpful.Save yourself the hassle and look for more reliable options."
"They are only nice as long as your a customer, but as soon as you switch then thier attuide changes when you talk to um on the phone. They over charge you on your bill and use a phrase called a one time charge to make money after you canceled your service to charge you  7 dollars over and over again"
"Very upset with T mobile now. Got a text saying my service was going to be disconnected for no payment. Not sure how that can be considering I am on autopay. They are saying a payment from July 27, 2023 was returned. Why did it take over three months for them to contact me and now they will not let me pay my bill with a credit card, has to be a checking account and I do not give anyone my banking info. So in morning go phone shopping (mostl likely xfinity). Obviously over 15 years of service with Sprint don't mean anything to Tmobile.1mReply"
Terrible unreliable service provider. Have not connected my broadband. Also very poor mobile network. Don’t bother with them
"DO NOT GET ATT! Their fraud department flagged my account for no reason, then denied me adding a line.  and refused to tell me why. I have my bill on auto pay and have never missed it, I have excellent credit and make great money. There is no reason to treat a 16 year customer this way. I will be seeking other alternatives for cell phone service."
Worst signal ever switch to tesco you know it makes sense there signal much better
"iPhone 14 Pro Max had an issue where the screen turned green, phone was still under manufacturing warranty. Went to the Vodafone store with the phone (I had not damaged the phone other than it had tiny scratches on it which weren’t visible unless looking for them) and they said the manufacturing defect warranty does not cover the cost of a new screen (which they said it needed).Supposedly, even though I had not damaged the phone which they said, due to the scratches the argument is that is most likely what it was. Took it to both Sky and Apple and they had said had it been bought from them it would have been covered under their warranty.Very disappointed, shows that there isn’t really much point in having the warranty."
"We opted for Full Fibre on 01.11.2024 and needed a full installation as previous copper line had been disconnected prior to our house purchase. After carefully reading up on Vodafone's installation process they said a prearranged date for installation would be agreed and a home owner would need to be present to discuss where the box would be installed. Meanwhile, in between our organised date we noticed a box had been installed on our house right near our front door. From that moment everything went from bad to worse. To cut a very long story short, countless contact with Vodafone's customer services who are either robots or cant speak a word of English we are still no where near being connected let alone getting the box moved on 02.12.2024. The second (first prearranged) visit from the engineer explained that Openreach subcontract the works to two different companies for internal and external installations, they don't even employ their own engineers. If you want to lose countless hours of your precious time, loss of earnings, feel totally frustrated and exasperated by all means go ahead with Vodafone. I would happily have cancelled my contract but I'm too exhausted by it all."
"I signed up for the FREE TRIAL via t mobil. I received the equipment and was able to get the price down at my current carrier. I called t mobil and was directed to return the equipment to my local store,which I did. I was directed by the agent in the store to call and cancel to save myself a bill. I called and was reassured I would get no bill amd they would back date the bill to protect me from getting billed. This was on August 15th 2024. Today, August 30 2024,I received a bill for $56!!!! I called again....Another non-e glish speaking chart reader that couldn't and wouldn't help me. Just kept repeating the same thing and trying to ask for the same info!! After 10 min I was so angry and asked for a supervisor. After another 15 mon hold I finally hung up!!! This company is bogus!!! DO NOT TRUST THEM IN ANY WAY!!!"
"Takes Money Without Reason.I’m extremely disappointed with this company. They have repeatedly taken money from me without any valid explanation. Despite my attempts to resolve the issue, nothing has been done to fix it. Their practices are unethical, and they seem to care more about taking money than providing decent service. Avoid this company if you value your money and peace of mind."
Wish I could give 0 stars. They are a bunch of scam artist stay away!!
"Horrendous service and technical support. Making formal complaints, tech team visits, service team phone calls, Countless hours of complaints and chats with my whopping 1-10 mbps speed with terrible stability. No offer of a discounted early termination fee due to the issues i had. However, at this point, i was happy to pay the fee so i don't have to wait on hold any longer to be transferred to different teams to get nowhere. Just don't ever bother with them, they are happy to take your money and put you on a contract but not happy to help throughout the contract. Probably why they are not part of the Ofcom scheme and also probably why they were rated the most complained about company in the second quarter of 2023."
Tried to order watches for Christmas gifts for my kids. Took 5 sales people and 1 managers and they still got the order wrong. When I called t mobile in Wyandotte I was told for me to just go online and order the bands myself or call the number they can’t help me. I’m talking being on hold trying to place the order for over 10hrs total and the order comes wrong. Now after sitting on hold asking for new bands to be sent to me for two hours. I’m waiting for a manager for another hour or two to try to correct the problem. ￼
Att has the worst customer service!!!! They will continue to transfer you to another rep then the call will drop. This has been a consistent issue. My call today I was given a different number to call upon calling that number the rep tried to give me the original number I had 1st called sooo she gave me another number. That number gave me a number to sign up for a Medicare supplement! Now I’ve been holding 2 hours the rep explained she would have the correct department call me back. The rep that returned my call was again the incorrect department. I’ve been trying to handle this issue for 4 HOURS. And there sells reps are nothing but liars!!!!! This is why I cancelled  ATT after 25 years.I was a foul to give att another chance. ZERO stars
Charged me for a closed account and then said they cannot access the information to credit the $115.
"BEWARE- YOU HAVE TO WAIT LIKE 2 HOURS TO SPEAK TO SOMEONE just to discover you aren’t getting sent a shipping label, you just need a code- then the next you call, you just want to know why you are being charged anything- you get transferred back and forth until customer service closes and also, you thankfully have a login and realize you are charged almost 5 dollars for using ATT air for less than an hour, before realizing the internet you are sharing is just as good and significantly cheaper so you return the device, yet still get charged $4.39- hahaha okay- I WILL NEVER EVER EVER USE ANY ATT SERVICES- THE ABSOLUTE WORST!! I thank my lucky stars that I'm not stuck with the WORST customer service because you can't even get ahold of the right person to talk to!"
"I switched from Verizon to TMOBILE and it has been one of the biggest mistakes I have made.I'm not going into details because it would a novella. All I have to say is that this company could care less about their customers. They screw up and want you to fix it.I'm going to see how complicated it is to go back to Verizon.  I never thought I would say a more expensive bill is worth it, but here I am"
"Poor data dongle with little justification for the £38/month.Also hard to understand how is Trustpilor pulling the 4.5 stars, with 34% of reviews of 1 Star, 1% with 2 Stars and 1% with 3%. Anyone with basic arithmetics would calculate 3.4 Stars….."
"I would love to give negative stars. If we didn't live in a dead zone I would never speak to anyone who works at this stupid company again. My husband and I have spent over 6 hours in the stores and an additional 7 hours on the phone with AT&T and Consumer Cellular trying to get new phones and switch from Consumer to AT&T. AT&T somehow created 2 accounts with our numbers and created a crap storm that has left us in an endless loop. They have no solutions except MAYBE if we switch to a completely different service and then switch back they could do it. We need to have our new phones to supposedly fix this issue but we can't get them because the accounts are separate and they won't send the phones. Every single person we talk to can't do anything. The absolute worst customer service ever. Did I mention they charged our credit card over $1100..and ran our credit 3 times without permission. The reason I have time to write this rant...I'm sitting, YET AGAIN, in a AT&T store while my husband is on the phone with Consumer Cellular and there's no fix. I LOATH AT&T...and the Hills in San Francisco that prevent us from being able to go with literally any other services. I would even take Verizon over this mess."
I tried to top up my sim card in my wifi dongle. Although the transaction went through the credit did not go onto my sim in dongle. I ended up spending all morning on their website and their facebook page to resolve the issue. Their security is obstructive and discriminates against me as an autistic person. They insist it much be done by text. I cannot use a phone because I cannot cope with unpredictability of phone calls. I do not own a phone of any kind. It took several attempts to get them to provide another method of security.I use the wifi dongle to send emails to get help when I am out. it is essential for my safetyThey would not provide any means to directly complain so could make the complaint that I actually wanted to. The changed my complaint I made.All I want is when I top up for it to go directly onto the sim card. Vodafone and their customer service make it as difficult as possible.I had tried to top it up using one of the methods sugested on links. The credit did not go on my sim and it took all the next morning to get credit on my sim. I cannot top up via account (the other suggested method) I don't have a phone so I cannot recieve text messages to variefy the account. Again this is all very unhelpful. I don't use a phone because the unpredicatabily of phone call overwealms me often causing me to have autistic meltdowns. I use sim it dongle to send emails in an emergency. This is to keep me safe.
"Update: Its 2025 and since Christmas my vodafone speed has dropped to under 100mbps when I should be getting 700-900mbps. I haven't changed anything or connections is just suddenly started doing this. Of course this is not the first time, in the past engineers have been out and not been able to fix it. £36 per month for this crap is daylight robbery, they never reimburse you either. Trying to get help means you have to sign in here and there and passwords never work that's why I gave up with their stupid app which is another piece of garbage. I've never used it since my last review. Update:11th Jan 2025 I received a text message to re register my account, I went there then got told my accounts been locked temporary. I've already waited 48 hours to hear that. I am still getting less than 90mbps instead of at least 700 with my paid for 900mbps speed account. Really annoyed to say the least as I know they wont re emburse me for all this time wasting and crap service because its happened in the past so many times and I was never compensated."
After 14 years as a customer and requesting an extension of 3 days until payday they shut off my service. I cannot call my doctor for medication or anything. This is ridiculous and petty on their part. I will be taking my phone to a competitor and switching service. My family and friends will also be switching as when you mess with one person sometimes it has a bigger ripple than you expected.
IF THEY HAD NO STARS I WOULD PICK THATT MOBILE BLOWS AND THE SO CALLED EXPERTS THAT ANSWER THE PHONE ARE NOT IN THE U S SOME DOT HEAD WHO DONT SPEAK ENGLISH DONT GO TO THEM NO MATTER WHO YOU HAVE THEY ARE BETTER THAN T MOBILE THEY SUCK
"I am extremely disappointed with the experience I’ve had with your customer agents. They have demonstrated incompetence and misled me into agreements without transparency. Despite my specific service requests, they chose to proceed differently. Due to these issues, I have decided to cancel my lines."
"Am more than three weeks into a nightmare with Vodafone routers restarting by themselves and cutting me off in the middle of important work meetings.I have serious health issues and have to work from home with Vodafone having caused incredible stress and worsening of my health due to their appalling technical service.Vodafone broadband technical help desk support staff are super nice and follow up on calls but are following scripts like computers and are obviously trained to deflect from the actual faults with Vodafone equipment and have no technical training .Instead of getting advanced technical support to investigate why their routers restart by themselves on a regular basis they keep blaming the network, and my electric connections, which Openreach engineers, which Vodafone sent can show me clearly are working.I now had disrupted work and endless stress since before Christmas with no compensation, no alternative solutions provided by Vodafone and no resolution to the problem with their routers.Will continue to post updates.17/01/25 - Vodafone just admitted on a recorded call with me that they don't have engineer support for their service, and refuse to replace the faulty router the sent me. Appalling service. Will be looking for alternatives and will continue posting updates on my ongoing nightmare with them. Vodafone forum is full of complaints of their routers resetting themselves so demand routers being replaced until they get to you one what works.18/01/25 - router restarted at least half a dozen times yesterday  losing internet connectivity and again several times this morning and it is only 07:00. This is a ""new"" router Vodafone provided earlier in the week. Obvious headway and software problem with their routers they refuse to admit"
"They are the worst company I really want to suit them please someone let me know how can I do it , is too much , how come the government let this company still money from customers like this ."
"Got a fibre network with an advertised speed 400+ Mbps. That speed is hardly ever reached, but this isn't an issue. The issue is reliability of the service. The Internet drops off randomly during the day. Sometimes speed is 2 Mbps when sitting 30 cm away from the router. Being on the call you regularly get ""poor network quality"" message. Lately even watching online tv becomes jagged."
Need to get people that can understand and speak clear English! Spent about 20 minutes just to try to make a payment. Finally hung up .
I’ve had T Mobile for about a year and half now.They made an arrangement with me to pay a bill but they made the arrangement for back to back days and I told them that I could only afford the one payment. I made the payment but they shut off my service. After discussing the matter with them I made another arrangement and they promised not to turn the service off They turned it off twice in less than two weeks. They did this after promising that they wouldn’t. The rep then lied to me even though I have the text messages from 611
"Absolute waste of time, cancelled my order without even telling me, when i contacted them to enquire why they fed me a list of possible reasons, this was all after i twice filled the form for the social tariff heard nothing back at all so decided to just go for a normal package, could at least have the decency to inform me that the order had been cancelled without my having to check myself"
"I have roaming included in my package, still Vodafone charged me while I was abroad, by which they almost blocked me from making calls.I contacted them many times, from abroad, and now when back home.  There is no-one there competent who can resolve the issue.  Replies I am getting are totaly incompetent appaling.They have also failed to re-pay me my money*****************Yet another revolting reply from Vodafone - I am referring to their reply, they posted here.  I do not use social media!!"
"If I could give negative stars I would. I canceled my services with this company over six months ago, I paid a full month of service that they did NOT provide, returned all the equipment and now, SEVEN months later I received a bill for a past due amount of $21. They will never stop billing me for stupid reasons. How can I have a past due bill from an account that does not exist? Stay away from Tmobile!!! They are the most terrible company to get services from. I left because of all the problems with billing, connection, you name it. Worst experience ever 😡"
"Vodafone didn't give me the service paid for, horrible reception, no ended calls, messages, don't make it easy to change for another product to keep the client and is still charging me a fine for a service that doesn't work. Anyways, after procedures, tests, changing devices and blablabla nothing worked.  Since July having trouble. they don't have access to the reference chats, the tests that they have done, the investigation that they did, nothing! But I have the chat copy, so feel free to ask me and I will show you. So if you are reading this, go for BT, O2 or other provider that will give you a good service for what you are paying for. Bad experience and now taking VOdafone to the court."
The worst internet provider. I don’t know what incompetent fiber or cable dudes they have working in the oak hill Texas area but my WiFi has been out for 7 days and they’ve had today at 10 as when it would be back. They then changed it to next 24 hours. Now it’s for Friday at 3. Hope yall figure this out and give me my money back for all the time I’ve lost. Will be canceling asap
I tranfer to cricket and they continue  charging me for my line. This company is worse that Verizon.
"I used their $50 a month internet service for around two years and it was constant problems.  I'd attempt to get support through the app and it would just report everything was fine and connected when it clearly wasn't.  I could never get a real person to respond.  When I switched to AT&T Fiber it took me six weeks to get my T-Mobile cancelled; they would respond to me and then stop replying when I held my ground about cancelling.  I finally had to take the box into a local store and they said THEY couldn't even help me cancel, but had to call a national number.  I showed them the screenshots of conversations showing I tried to cancel and asked if I could get a refund and they denied.  Then I got a bill showing they had sent my account immediately to collections for the month after I stopped using the service, two weeks into trying to cancel (I had turned off autopay, the one thing I COULD do)."
Twenty year customer now looking for a new carrier. First time we had a billing issue and their customer service staff were useless.
"Very disappointed by Vodafone today. Basically I’ve been paying for my ex’s phone bill all this time and now I had to cancel of course I tried to contact Vodafone through the chat a lot of times, by calling them too. All I got was a response that they would put me through to another team and they’ll resolve the issue on the chat. Then lastly they said they can’t resolve the issue of cancelling the direct debit from coming out of my account as it not on the account even though I was paying for it. His name was on it. I’ve contacted my bank and cancelled the direct debit but been told to tell Vodafone due to them maybe taking out any more payments hopefully it won’t come to that but could do. Vodafone didn’t help at all. They should though"
AT&T has an incorrect email and incorrect phone number on file for me to access any kind of change to my account. They put yahoo instead of gmail and they have my moms number. How does this make sense. They said I have to go in person.
"My bill just went up over 10 dollars. When I signed up with A T&T, i was told that 55 plus price would never change, just over 59 dollars a month at that time. Now they are charging me over 70 dollars a month. I purchase this at Sam's Club.  The Girl that signed me up told me the price will remain the same as long as I never cancel or change anything. I will be shopping around for an honest company."
"Terrible online portal that never works or accepts payments. You are then charged a late payment fee, even though you have no access to your account online to pay. You are then disconnected and once you pay you are not re-connected immediately. In fact its been 4 hours since payment and no connection. No support, can't log in to the account portal. No humans to rectify the problem.Terrible network with no support and crap cell coverage."
"I experienced a total loss of my phone and it has been a nightmare dealing with ATT. I forgot my pin on top of everything and they don't believe that I am who I say that I am. I even visited a retail location with my government issued ID, and they would still not provide clearance to my account. After two days of getting the run around, somehow thankfully I remembered the magical PIN number. Onto the next step of filing the insurance claim. Easier said than done. They promised the phone the next day by 4pm only to have it delayed two more days. Total of 4 days without said phone that I paid insurance on. The phone finally arrives today but now I am unable to activate the device because I don't have the old phone to receive the two factor authorization. Now I'm told that I have to go back to the store after the store initially told me they couldn't help me. This experience has to be a sick joke."
"I scheduled a payment arrangement for $195. The payment didn’t go through from my Navy Federal account so I paid $195 from a different account. What I didn’t know is even though I paid , they tried a second time to take the payment out of Navy Federal and it went through. So making it a total of $390 within 3 days. After calling customer support to ask for 1 payment to be returned, they said they couldn’t do it because there was a balance on my account. I’m so angry because they know this is not right! So they are keeping the extra $195 and they don’t give a crap about my bank account being in the negative because of them resubmitting a payment that I already took care of…. Shame on you T-Mobile!!! But again they don’t give a Crap about their own customers!!"
Terrible Company. Forced to have them for internet through apartment complex. I guess their terrible treatment of their workers led to a strike and that's why I haven't had internet for a month. Couldn't recommend them less. Very unreliable.
Called for info.Agent wanted personal info before answering question.Not happening.
My wife signed up for a T-mobile account for her new iPhone. The account was almost immediately hacked. My wife went to China to care for her mother. Then she discovered her T-mobile account was hacked. The thieves were able to completely take over the phone number. All sms verifications went to the the thieves. They were then able to hack all her bank accounts. They even extended the limit on her credit cards and drained them. We were trying to close the T-mobile account the whole time. T-mobile refused to close the account and every time my wife tried to create a new bank account the thieves used the T-mobile account to take over the new bank account. T-mobile refused all assistance. Now my wife is stuck in China with no way to dispute the charges made in her name or even create a new bank or credit card. T-mobile has allowed my wife to remain powerless in China and will not allow me to close the account either.
"Awful company! I haven't used their services for 2 months and they still requested me to pay $200. When I called customer service, I asked multiple times if I would be charged more and was told no. Guess what? I received yet another bill with $24.95 to pay. Called customer service again and they requested PIN (which I paid $20 for and don't have anymore since my account has been cancelled). For not having this pin the charges can't be removed. Online help refused to help me too. Worst mobile company ever. Switching to Mint and will never look back."
I was on phone trying to see if I could transfer a contract over to somebody else. My main purpose of calling was to ask for advice on the situation and step by step instructions on how to do it and the phone was put down on me twice by the same woman. I’ve been with Vodaphone for a few years and I’ve never expected to be treated like this at a very crucial time. Do better!!!!!
"I recently went on a trip to Saudi Arabia found out I had wracked up roaming charge. I have four accounts with Vodafone, when I disputed these roaming charges as I have a spend cap of 0 on all my 4 accounts, I came across the rudest two people in the form of Abhisheikh and Kratika from web chat who flat out refused to raise an official complaint for me. I will be taking all my 4 accounts from Vodafone as soon as possible. Stay clear from Vodafone they are crooks. They kept me waiting for an hour on Xmas eve wasted my time"
"Their broadband is absolutely useless.Wifi signal drops for a year now. Made several report on it. They call they said :"" I assure you its fixed ""3 days past ans its back to normal. Only once they sent open reach engineer amd she said to her it look like a faulty router which agents denied multiple times after me sugesting what open reach siad. They sent me sigmnal booster which does nothing and supposed to call back after few days...guess what? Internet still drops out and no one cares. Im just waiting until my contract ends and will go for other provider.P.s. whoever designed they broadband test&diagnostic need to rethink if they are right person for the job.Once my internet drops out Im going to Vodafone broadband app to do the service check. I have to go through security check to actually test my Internet- by the time I do security check, they send me code and I choose broadband- Internet is restored so there is no issue.Vodafone do better!!!!"
Vodafone Fibre experience summary - ABSURD!I placed my order online and Vodafone cancelled it without telling me and when asked why they didn't know. Their customer service just not capable of resolving simple enquiries. Without any hesitation I refused to place another order and went with a different provider instead.
"Everything they say is a lie. Signed us up and then literally 30 later everything was not as they said. We signed up with Ashley in Friendswood, TX. He drove around in a BMD in our neighborhood. HE LIED. HE SET UP OUR ACCOUNT ALL WRONG. In the end we are paying TWICE as much as the rate we had a Tmobil, service is terrible, and every month is more bs charges we have to call and fight. AVOID THIS COMPANY AT ALL COST."
"I have had t mobile internet for about 9 months. I have not had internet for 5 days.  I was told to go to my nearest store which is in Sturgis , Michigan to pick up a new Sim card . Well that didn't solve the problem , so now I'm back at the store & these two guys working are thee worst employees at any store I've ever  been in  . Completely rude ! Told me the tech guy who sent me to the store to get a new modem doesn't know what he's talking about . How I should never have been directed to go to the store & ask for help. They are so rude because I didn't have my receipt from  10 months ago they won't can't help me . I got the service originally from this store so why can't they just look my name up? Why did they kick me out of their store without helping me . Completely ridiculous.  I will never be a customer of tmobilr again & I'm telling everyone I know how awful t mobile employees are !"
"ABSOLUTE NIGHTMARE! T-Mobile uses Assurant Insurance, which has their customer service department in the Phillipines. They do not speak English well. They are super disorganized. I spent more than 5 HOURS ON THE PHONE trying to process a damaged PHONE CLAIM. Even the supervisors would hang up on me and not call me back. They even shipped me a label that was inactive so I was informed by the USPS that because the Assurant shipping label did not work I had to pay to ship the device. I contacted Assurant and they said that they would not reimburse me. The agent said that they do not have a Tax ID number. This has to be the MOST INCOMPETENT COMPANY that I have ever come across. Choose a cel phone carrier that does not use Assurant Insurance. It is extremely stressful and time consuming to process claims with them."
I’ve been with Vodafone fo probably about 15 years and I’m absolutely gob smacked how horrific my signal has been the last 18 months.I even splashed out on a b try and new iPhone thinking it was my phones fault.I feel like it’s 2005 again?!We live  in London so it’s not as if I’m in the sticks.I can’t feel confident to travel around the country using sat nav on my phone anymore or pay for parking etc.I call and twiddle this invs around and nothing happens. It’s just incomprehensible with such a huge provider.Were just so stitched in as have broadband (also hit and miss) and hubbys phone all with renewal dates at different times.I’d not mind if they compensated me or admitted fault but they don’t and I just waste hours and hours on the phone.If you are thinking of joining or really wouldn’t.
They continually failed to get my broadband set up and my emails stopped being responded to and i was sent in circles for hours on live chat. As a deaf and disabled individual without a mobile phone i am prevented from a simple task like logging into my account as a mobile phone code is required and because i didn’t have that i wasted over an hour on live chat and forced to use someone else’s phone who does not live with me so cannot log in unless they happen to be around.my  bill was also wrong and i was double charged.They don’t reply to my formal complaint and feel like i am being discriminated against for my disabilities.I told them i was deaf and disabled from the outset and had they told me there was no way for people like me to get help and no way to log in without a mobile phone code then i would never have signed up as it’s wholly unsuitable for me.No redress has been offered either and i don’t know how to cancel down and get my money back.complaint ref 120384148
"Don't bother, they will quote you a good price, tell you you are getting great promotions, tell you it takes months to show up on your account, then the promotions will never show up and you will finish out your contract paying 50-100 dollars more than they quoted. They will do nothing about it."
They misrepresent them selves.  They tell you one thing then the do another and then they raise your bill and tell you they can't do anything about it.  I was told I was upgrading and lowering my bill then when I get the phones (dont' even unbox them) my bill went up $100 then trying to get it taken care of I am speaking with 3 different reps and they can't keep what they say straight! Besides the fact TERRIBLE SERVICE
"Highly, highly highly recommend a HARD pass on Tmobile.  Their support is atrocious.  When it comes time to leave they make it brutal to reach them and do it and then they bill you for another couple of months and claim you didn't cancel.  Service is lousy. Go elsewhere - Dealt with Sam #4973207 and he truly had no ability to answer or resolve anything. Spent 2 hours the night before dealing with support person that was even less competent. There's a lot better and/or more affordable options."
"I would give their customer service ZERO stars if it was an option, but it's not!When I call, every time, I am punching in verification codes, only to be asked the SAME information by the overseas employee once they finally pick up, and then they send me ANOTHER code to verify who I am. So, what exactly is the point of ME having a personal pin code if they simply send me ANOTHER pin code and waste my time??Then, I am always on the phone for at least 30 minutes, but usually an hour or more. AT&T used to have awesome customer service, but now, I know, when I call, it will be the worst ever.Right now, I've been on this current call for 35 minutes and 42 seconds AND I am only calling for a return label for a phone that has never been opened. Still in the shipping box. I am astounded they are still in business with this kind of service."
"You will be lied to consistently, by everyone.  This company will scam you into thinking you are getting a good deal and lie on the phone and do nothing to recover what you were promised.  Get everything in writing otherwise you are screwed."
This companies customer service SUCKS!!!!!!!!1 hour to renew my subscription what In the natural F*%k
"It is difficult to distinguish AT&T from typical scammers. They use the same tactics. Their representatives flat out lie. They create a problem, then it takes hours to resolve. Their reps seem to have a goal to take as much of our time as possible. They ask the same questions repeatedly. They ooze fake empathy and politeness to an astronomically kafkaesqe level. This has always been a horrible company. From the time when they rented Princess Phones till now. Yuk!"
"As i have clearly stated, Vodafone 'Tech Team' are fully aware of this ongoing issue, within the Post Code area of, 'LL58 8NN'. So i suggest that you escalate accordingly to them. And for them to provide the response that i require and request!Vodafone Ultra Hub, 'Ultra Useless'Vodafone Ultra Hub, currently 'Ultra Useless' This review will be posted daily, until such time Vodafone have provided a, 'Positive response' and addressed the issue that i have raised with them. (The 'Bog Standard Reply') does nothing to enlighten me with their service!!! I have reported this item, through Vodafone, and their response below shows that they have not bothered to investigated further to confirm! Bring on the, 'Professional personnel' within Vodafone, who can resolve this issue? And provide me with compensation, for the service that i am not receiving, (which i am paying for from 14th September 2024). Vodafone have an ongoing issue with their, 'Ultra Hub' within my Post Code area! Which results in the connection dropping out, multiple times a day, every day, every week! I have been informed by their, 'Tech Team' that this issue has been present since the 14th September 2024. I have also been informed that this, 'issue' has been caused by the FAILURE of the Manufacture of this, 'Ultra Hub' in not carrying out a, 'Software upgrade' to rectify this known fault! Vodafone do not appear to know as to, 'When' this will be carried out???? Vodafone, 'Please pull your finger out' and give your Supplier a, 'Kick up the - - - -' to get this done now!! As a Customer i expect to pay for a, 'First Rate service'? I do not expect to pay for a, 'Third Rate Service' which i am currently getting!!! (Answers now please), Thank you."
Att is a thief. They just want money. I just have had att for three months and then transferred my lines to another service. They only attract the customer at the beginning and later on you have to pay much more than what they committed. I hated att in these three months and I am very happy to transfer the service. Never never never trust att agents and the services. They are liars.
"THIS COMPANY SAID T-MOBILE HOME  INTERNET PER MONTH ONLY $60,,,, BUT THEY CHARGED ME $240/MONTH EVEN I USED ONLY 3 DAYS... ESTABLISED TO LOOT MONEY FROM CUSTOMER...BE CAREFULL GUYS WHEN YOU TRY TO GET INTERNET FROM THIS COMPANY...."
"I liked the people who helped me and the people who introduced me to AT&T. They offered to help me with my business. For a business I think it's great! However, later while using their service they had outrageous charges  for service. I knew it was going to be a lot but not like what I received. I agreed to pay for the charges for months hoping each month it would get cheaper by using wifi. However I couldn't get a clear explanation as to why they were so high. I left the country and my mom was trying to help me and she went to close my account and said I was changing service providers and they still charged us service after that meeting. I just feel like they could have been helpful and make sure when she went in that it wouldn't charge me so she wouldn't hear about it while I am gone. Unfortunately not only was that charge unfortunate they couldn't explain why it was so high. My advice find CHEAPER SERVICE! What was in the contract was way less than what was actually charged 2x that much. Or don't get in a contract with them. BUY your apple phone and AirPods somewhere else!! The people were patient just lots of unanswered questions I feel like they say call corporate about the charges."
I would like to give a Zero because zero service zero customer service zero 💯 lies about the price and benefits and the representative is a big scam lies about everything and customer service is unavailable to help I can’t wait to rid of the fraud but sadly i have to wait until 2027  I’m not gonna recommended AT&T to my friends and family. I’m gonna tell them stay away from them because they are scam big liar and fraud.
"Not honest service, disrespectful to elderly.They make business contracts for the elderly without asking their opinion against their wish. Those people never had a business when they used to work and currently, they are pensioners. The people pay a very high price mostly using for calls and texts.They take payments from direct debits twice a month instead of once a month.I have had a humiliating experience with Ipswich Vodaphone.I have used their service for two months but they charged me three times.I left them in March before April  I didn't want to pay an expensive price for hardly using their dater.With my family, we use only WhatsApp calls and messages.Without shame, they applied to TredUnion as I didn't pay for 4-5 months.Their dishonesty and greed make me feel sick.I am not the only person who is disappointed, I know other people as well."
Just found out the company is stealing money from me. I started keeping track of my phone payments when includes a 50 dollar phone install.ent payment because I suspected they weren't deducting it like they should have been. Come to find out I was correct and when I brought this issue to them they told me I was wrong and they were right even though I had documentation to prove it.
"Previously the last activation date was 6 December when an Open Reach engineer appeared but nothing happened! Another activation date was set for today 3 January - same result - the Open Reach engineer appeared but nothing has happened!! I will now have to wait a further 4 weeks at least. That is 3 months to get connected since I signed my deal! And I have absolutely no confidence that anything will happen then either.I want ACTION not empty promises from Vodafone who are are full of fine empty words which, frankly, are just LIES. I can't even phone them as all I get is a pre recorded message and then they terminate the call!!! I wish I had never agreed to switch providers."
The company was hacked in April 2024. My personal data was exposed. I have been receiving quite a high number of phone calls and phishing emails. I have called AT&T and they say that my data is in tact yet a monitoring service I have has a data breach for my number and email. AT&T has refused to provide any support.
1 star is too high. when you have a problem with A T and T's service and it is clearly their fault the solution is to say they are correcting the issue but it will result in you getting a higher bill. I thought Verizon was bad but this has gone to a new low. I have NEVER regretted using a service in my life as much as signing up this total rip off of a company.I would rather use smoke signals to communicate than pay them one more dime to get less than what I have paid for. I'm guessing data breaches and over charged accounts for services not rendered is their new norm.I Hope They Go Out Of Business
Scam artists. Called to get Internet. Lady told me they cover my area. Find out they don't. Customer service representative took a 100 bucks knowing at&t had no coverage in my area! I'm filing fraud charges with mank! YOUR NOT GETTING AWAY WITH THIS!
"I would not ever recommend going to T mobile!! The customer service is the worst of the worst and nobody will do anything to help resolve issues. I purchased a phone on 25Nov, received notification from UPS that my package was lost I was told that I should be refunded by the 6th, that didn't happen, I was then told I would receive my refund by the 14th, that didn't happen and am now being told it's not going to be resolved until the 29th. There is clearly a lack of communication in this organization and the fact it's taking over a month to fulfill or refund orders is horrible. I will be switching to AT&T as soon as this order is refunded. Whenever that will be."
"WARNING WARNING DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH T-MOBILE AND THE FRANCHISEE: GP-MOBILE ESPECIALLY THE ONE ON REDAN & S. HARRISTON RD. THEY ARE KNOWINGLY & WILLINGLY RUNNING A SCAM TO GET YOUR MONEY, THEY ARE LYING TELLING YOU THAT YOU PAY NOTHING FOR 6MOS FOR INTERNET SERVICES THEN ON THE 7TH MONTH ITS $30MO. OR $25MO. W/ AUTO PAY HOWEVER IN ONLY 21 DAYS THEY ARE CHARGING YOU $6OMO AND AFTER I CALLED CORPORATE THEY HAVE AN OH WELL NONCHALANT ATTITUDE AND THIS IS HOW MUCH IT REALLY IS AND YOU CAN TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT AND WENT AS FAR AS TO SAY THAT NOTHING WILL HAPPEN TO THEM REGARDING THE FALSE ADVERTISING, BREACH OF CONTRACT, MISLEADING & THEFT BY DECEPTION BECAUSE THEY'VE BEEN THROUGH THIS TOO MANY TIMES & NO ATTORNEY IS BRAVE OR POWERFUL ENOUGH NO GO UP AGAINST THEM & ALTOGETHER I PUT IT ON MY LIFE BEGGING THE DIFFER SHE SAID I WOULDN'T BECAUSE IT IS WHAT IT IS BUT I ASSURED HER THAT ITS A NEW DAY FOR THEM & THANK GOD I RECORDED EVERYTHING & A LAWSUIT IS ENSUE‼️"
"I was on someone else’s account, and ended up taking my two lines and transferring them onto my own account.  When this is done, they ONLY allow you to do it over the phone. After the transfer-My insurance was taken off not only my 2 devices but my girlfriend’s 2 devices on the previous line as well. Att told me I couldn’t have insurance because it has to be there from the first 30 days. This took 6- 1 to 2 hour phone calls to get straightened out.Then the next bill was extremely high at $220. I called Att and was told I would get a credit for the one month and that would bring it down to 180. The representative told me, “ your next bill and the following ones after will be 130 plus taxes and fees. This mistake was due to you being on a 1 gb plan instead of unlimited. I promise this issue will never happen again.Fast forward a month.My bill is $812I was still on the 1 gb plan and I have called over 15 times in the past month. I literally got hung up on 5 times and put on hold and they never came back 5 times.5 different times ATT tells me they are ,”creating a case” but can’t tell me the case number because it takes 3 business days to generate. So when I call back they ask for a case number and I can’t give it to them and they can’t look it up. A rep told me a few days ago my bill will be $160. Perfect. But it’s not updated on the account. And my bill is late and still showing I owe $710 . I cannot even begin to fathom how anyone can run a company with such horrible customer service. I’ve never seen anything so disorganized in my entire life.Go somewhere elseEven if it’s twice the cost I assure you that would be a great decision"
"Absolute worst customer service! They are rude, cut you off while you're speaking and seem bothered that you're asking them to do their job. We have an issue getting numbers ported over and I was transferred back and forth between departments for over an hour! One woman answers, mumbles and talks over me and then transferred me back to the mainline. Once I get everything squared away I will never come back to AT&T. Also, let's not forget everyone's personal information being leaked on the dark web. You would think they would be working hard to retain customers."
"Went into another T-mobile kios.What a clown show. I only wanted a camera case. Wait, wait, wait. Five employees and two customers. What a mess. I have enter T-Mobile kios location several times just for a small purchase. Everytime I wait, wait, wait and finally leave. Nine times now and still nothing. I finally moved on. I didn't want to leave but enough is enough. JOKE!"
"Network service is absolutely shocking. I live in London and the fact that my 4G doesn’t work when I most need it is actually affecting my safety.I often rely on travel apps to give me routes and travel time for my journeys to and from work, and as it’s getting darker with the seasons, being Women and standing out at bus stops, on streets or outside stations trying to get a signal so I can check my route home is putting my safety at risk.I’ve called Vodafone customer service 4 times this year since January complaining of this, they have ‘reset’ my network settings each time even though I’ve asked them to cancel my contract and each time it’s not improved on the slightest. But they’re demanding I pay an early termination fee of £200 even though they aren’t fulfilling their end of the contract by delivery a satisfactory service!I do not recommend Vodafone as a network provider and I definitely don’t recommend them based on their customer service!"
"Signed up and was given an installation date - nearly 2 weeks later it was finally put in by a sub contractor. Only the phone upstairs works and they can’t fix it.Vodafone never answer the phone. There’s no other contact other than a useless AI bot. Customer service is WOEFUL!!!!!?UPDATE…Vodafone, I’m not on facebook or insta…just answer your phone instead…that’ll help!!!"
"I hate ATT with a passion at this point 2.5 hrs of run around for arbitrary account access... kudos, I now am willing to buy out and switch carriers... hope your stock plummets when MIT realizes that this is the network of morons..."
"I have been a loyal customer with T-Mobile for over eight years always paid on time never had an issue with their billing. I tried to pay off a phone. The customer service representative told me the amount that I needed to close the account which never happened the phone remained locked, which I had already paid for And they charged me for two more months of service which they could see that I hadn’t used one minute of that service I called three separate times to be lied to to say it was taken care of and then I get a collection letter. I have a credit rating That is more important to me than paying them off.. And there’s no way I’m gonna let a hack job like T-Mobile screw it up so I paid them off again, but believe me I’m leaving bad reviews on every site that I see.It’s not worth your time your money and your sanity to join this cell phone company. Their service sucks and I’m talking about cell service too."
"I had to chose 1 star to star a review, in reality they deserve 0 or a minus.Worst company I have ever been affiliated with.  Can't wait till my contract is up to get the hell out.They are sharks and will try to charge you for stuff they did not even provide.Think twice before switching to ATT"
"worst phone retailer, only in it for the money. You can upgrade your sim whenever to include more data however as soon as you mention downgrading to less data and a cheaper plan all of a sudden you cant until the sim date ends. Struggling with bills and company refuses to help."
"The worst experience I’ve had. As a first time for trying to get a phone contract to build my credit score as a young person. It took them 8 weeks and over 5 in store visits. Multiple credit checks were run and effected my score. At to top it off I wasn’t even able to purchase a phone. I am utterly gobsmacked at the service and how they let this happen to multiple people due to system errors on their end that leave customers without a phone and an affected credit score. I use my phone for work and missed multiple events were it was needed as they couldn’t resolve their issue. Would not recommend, the entire infrastructure at Vodafone is useless and they couldn’t seem more uninterested in helping you"
"I've been with Vodafone for over 10 years, and while the connection is just average—nothing special—the real issue is their terrible customer service. Anytime you have a problem, you're looking at spending over an hour trying to resolve it, and even then, there's no guarantee it will be sorted in one go.I have four numbers on my business account, and I requested to remove two back in August since they're now used for personal purposes. Yet, they’re still invoicing me for them. When I reached out to ask why, they simply said, “they’re still active.” Seriously? And to top it off, they asked, ""Have you moved them to another provider?"" Why should I have to do that? I just want to stop paying for lines I no longer need. Now, I’m seriously considering switching to another provider."
The customer service is beyond horrific.  I have been waiting a month without broadband.  I raised a ticket weeks ago and the only way I can get an update is by continuously going through their TOBi AI chatbot (takes about 15 mins round the houses each time of irrelevant questions and answers before eventually being transferred to an adviser).
"I got a Vodafone PAYG SIM as a backup for my usual phone and I put £40 of credit on, only to find that £20 was taken without my permission and applied to the 'Big Value Bundle', the most expensive of the rather expensive bundles offered.I contacted customer services to gain no satisfactory response as to why this happened. I explained several times that I wished to make a formal complaint and I was ignored, after being in a webchat for almost an hour (it was eventually cut off). It was an appalling experience."
I had T-Mobile 5G Home Internet for several months before the defective router kept disconnecting and rebooting. I canceled the service and returned the router. Customer service never mentioned anything more was due. 14 days later I was charged the usual month internet fee of $50 and customer service said I had to pay for the complete billing cycle. They wouldn't even give a credit for the unused internet. I considered this a form of theft!
Very bad service in the world. Like to do less than one star. Billing department is very sucks ...Lots of hidden charges.
"if you travel abroad, be aware that you probably won’t get your voicemails. They will tell you all you have to do is dial 123 on the phone. However, halftime that does not go through. Sometimes it says your passcode is incorrect even though it is. Also, it will say that you have no voicemails and then as soon as you get back to the United States you have about eight some of them from over a week ago that we’re not showing up which, of course, is costing you business.   I can’t imagine it being too terribly difficult to get a voicemail system that also works in Europe or Asia. It just doesn’t seem hard to my imagination."
"Worst ever mobile internet in Cambridge area!!! They are the worst in city Cambridge, no mobile data !!! Omg year 2024 they can’t provide internet city of Cambridge!! I’m more than 15 years Vodafone customer but enough is enough!! Never ever again !!"
"twice no one has turned up to connect me. That is two days work lost. No one bothered to call to say they were not coming. I will try once more and then I think I will cancel the contract as I simply cannot afford to keep taking time off work,"
Their stupid voicemail transcription they think is such a benefit is annoying. It makes it take longer for the voicemail to show up. Sometimes I have to turn my phone on and off for it to show up.  when you do changes like this make them optional. Sometimes people don't want it.
"Another day and another review for vodaphone. Due to the amazing Internet speeds and wonderful customer service I've decided to leave. When I say wonderful I do so sarcastically and actually mean horrendous. There's more speed from my granny on her stair lift than Vodafone internet speed and if you like repeating yourself more than bill Murray living the same day over and over in groundhog day then Vodafone customer service is for you. That wonderful experience aside I've decided to go with plusnet, yes that internet that the Yorkshire bloke sells on the TV. It's so inviting it feels like a warm hug opposed to Vodafone. I'm not sure what's worse the call centre in Delhi in which sparkle sympathizes with my ""pain and discomfort"" of having no Internet or the chat bot. Either way I've already spoken to a person at plusnet for an update and they use words that form a coherent sentence and are not called sunny stardust. To top of Vodafones incompetence they have shut me off two days early. Do yourself a favor and steer clear. I could write a note on a paper aeroplane and launch it aimlessly outside and it would reach the person I'm trying to communicate with before Vodafones download speed musters up enough bytes to send a Whatsapp message. Garbage service and garbage customer service."
Bought iphone 15 online to be picked up in store attt charged me for it then they cancel the order saying they cant verify it came from me even though i would have to show my identification when i pick it up in store. Now they still haven’t given my money back or a phone
"I used to get good service from T-Mobile, but now it's terrible and I plan to switch companies. I hope I can find a better company. They make mistakes so then I have to call them and wait on hold for half an hour, only to get bad service from the person who just doesn't know how to do their job on the other end who's not from here, and apparently doesn't have the skills to handle customer service."
"For a month and a half I have been dealing with AT&T and I'm getting nowhere. I have 3 lines on my account. My son's phone screen just went black. We were told it was a warranty issue. We sent the phone back with a UPS label that was provided by AT&T, somehow UPS lost the phone because the only scan that UPS shows for that tracking number shows it was scanned into the UPS system and that's where it stops. AT&T has been rude and unhelpful. We were told by AT&T to file a claim with UPS, we did, then we get an email from UPS saying that we are the 3rd party and AT&T has to file the claim. We call AT&T and they are telling me that they can't submit a claim, it's our responsibility. UPS says it's up to AT&T and the whole time AT&T keeps saying that they won't restore our service until they get the phone or we pay $1000.00. This is ridiculous. I swear I'm ready to start calling attorney's to round up other people to start a class action lawsuit. First we had to deal with their damn data breach, now this. Can anyone help?"
"I traded in a phone, sending it back via DPD in the packaging Vodafone sent me. I then received a text telling me that as the phone had not arrived my contract was void. Tracking shows that Vodafone received my phone. They say they cannot find it so it’s my problem; I have to contact DPD. But DPD have no responsibility; they delivered it. Vodafone can’t find my phone which they have somewhere and are simply walking away. Can one give this sort of service even 1 star*? I would not recommend Vodafone to anybody."
"They’re the worst . I’ve been a longtime loyal internet customer of AT&T . Plus , I’m a senior . My monthly promo price of $56.00 for  stand alone internet was increased , so I contacted AT&T to see what kind of discount they could offer  me bc they increased my monthly rate to $71.00 month . Joyce gave me a new monthly price of $61.00 month . This was a discount of $10.00 per month as like my previous 12 month price . Well , I get my new bill for Sept & they’re billing me for $71.00 per month ( no discount ) . I just called customer service & spoke to ARAH . She said there is no monthly discount of $10.00 & my monthly cost is the $71.00 & they would not adjust my monthly bill to the $61.00 per month that I was quoted / agreed upon with Joyce . They will not honor the price given to me by their representative that I spoke with on July 24th . Really , AT&T ?!  I just want people to be aware of their horrible customer service practices & that they do not honor their monthly prices given  ! How do they get away with that ? Plus ,they seem to slow speed down at night . This has been an issue with them in the past , too . I would not recommend them . Beware !"
"I've been with the company for 23 years.  I was going to switch carriers, but was offered a new phone to stay while maintaining my current bill, which according to the agent ""would have to be adjusted manually each month"",but promised that it would be taken care of.  Subsequently each month it has not been taken care of and I have to call and ask for an adjustment each month.  A supervisor even went back and reviewed the phone call of the original agreement and credited my account and apologized and informed me that it would be adjusted,  but yet after 5 months I'm still dealing with it.  Today, I was told that it could no longer be adjusted and I'm stuck with a higher bill an extra phone line that I don't want or need.....and if I cancel it, I have to pay the full price of my new phone.  Deceptive and frustrating."
"AT&T has to be the WORST phone service EVER!So... I returned my step-up (old phone) to AT&T on May 23rd.  For whatever reason, @USPS didn't register the track# of the phone until August, which puts me 60 days behind from not returning the phone. Mind you, I do have pictures & proof of when I sent the darn phone. AT&T still charged me $228 for a phone I no longer have for nonreturn.The worst part is, today 9/17/24, I just found out that AT&T DID receive the phone & is sending it back to me, instead of crediting my acct the $228 they now have in their possession...reason: ""It didn't qualify for the 30-day return""I told the ""Loyalty"" dept I needed to cancel my service & send their new phone back.  The lady told me, that if I sent the new phone back, AT&T would only apply $520 for it, as it is what the ""phone is now worth"" & I'd still owe them $742 for both phones, they would now have in their possession!!!  :((HOW ABSURD & UNFAIR IS THIS???? 😡They didn't even try to save me as a customer with all the proof they had or offer the credit to keep me 😡Since they wouldn't credit my acct & still have the phone, I cancelled it & I'm taking them to small claims court.Why wouldn't they credit my acct if the proof was there?  They know @USPS is known to be trying to steal people's mails/packages"
"Vodafone's coverage is good. However, they appear completely incompetent at porting in phone number from another phone company. Whilst I understand things occasionally go wrong, what I find unacceptable is the constant lies I'm being told by the people answering the phones. The Vodafone porting team keep resetting the porting of the number after a failed port, expecting a different outcome from doing the same process over and over again....utter utter incompetence.11/11/2024. I quick update....29 days and Vodafone have still failed to port in my number....they have also left me without any service for four days. If you want to port in your phone number AVOID VODAFONE!"
"Shocking experience when ordering new broadband.  Despite having an order in place and confirmed install date, Vodafone did not turn up on the day and had no record of the order despite sending me a contract and taking payment details. They also contacted sky to organise the switch but still denied the order was in place. Vodafone then took a u turn when I provided all the evidence of the order. Due to the shockingly bad customer service, we have cancelled our order."
"Dear Vodafone Team,I recently moved back to Vodafone, believing it was the right decision, but I was sadly mistaken. Since rejoining at the end of December, my experience has been riddled with errors and frustrations.I have had to chase and call nearly every day, spending hours on the phone, which has caused immense stress, financial loss, and the inconvenience of being without a functioning phone or network.Here is a summary of the issues I have faced:1. Porting Failure: The porting process for my number has still not been completed, even after more than 14 days.2. SIM Issues: My original SIM was cancelled, a new SIM was issued, and yet there has been no resolution.3. Service Charges: I have been charged for a service that I have not been able to use.4. Network Unavailability: I have been left without network access, rendering my phone unusable.5. Lack of Communication: Neither AI nor customer service informed me that my order did not go through, leaving me in the dark.6. Poor Customer Service: Attempts to resolve these issues have been met with inadequate support, further adding to my frustration.This level of service is unacceptable and reflects poorly on Vodafone’s commitment to its customers.I feel deeply let down by the lack of efficiency and transparency in handling my case.I sincerely hope Vodafone can act quickly to resolve this matter and restore my trust in your services.Complaint reference: 126722239"
"T-Mobile states that once you agree to their plan, you bill will never go up. Ok. Sounds great!! Count me in!! Uh, except that is not true. My first bill was higher and the second bill was higher than that!! After spending hours on the phone with customer service, ""we can't do anything. The store manager will have to make those changes"". The store manager quoted me a price that was the correct price, but the bill is more. Oh guess what? Since you've been trying to get this problem fixed, ""we've suspended your service"". Now that's how you treat a new customer!! Lie to them. Charge them more than they've agreed to, then, cut them off when they ask what about the ""you bill will never go up"". Outstanding. No wonder they don't check trustpilot and respond to their reviews. They know exactly what they are doing. As always, should've checked trust pilot before committing. Lesson learned."
I moved from payg to pay monthly 13th of November. I’m still waiting to move to pay monthly? I keep getting people on the chat or over the phone who don’t know how everything works? I’m going to a Vodafone store tomorrow to try and get some sort of confirmation of what I need to do to get a temporary number so I can move to pay monthly? Veryo frustrating when people on Vodafone don’t want to help you.
NEVERRRRRR HAVE ENOUGH EMPLOYEES WHEN YOU WALK IN THE STORE!!! BILL IS ALWAYS WRONG!!!
"I have cancelled their service on 8/5/2024 and have followed their instructions to return the equipments at a UPS store with my account number on 8/6/2024. I am grateful to the UPS staff who reminded me to keep the return receipt for 2 years, as AT&T may try to claim that I did not return the equipment.On 9/8/2024, I received a reminder email from AT&T claim that my AT&T equipments haven’t returned. The day after, I went to the AT&T store and spoke to the staff. They suggested me go back to the UPS store and check with them. Despite providing them with a receipt to proof the equipments were returned, they were unable to check for me as they claimed to not have contact with UPS. After spent over 30 minutes on the phone with them, they assured me everything was taken care of and made a note on my account.After a week - 9/15/2014, I receiving a reminding email again. I did not take any action as I assumed they needed more time to update their system. Unfortunately, I have now been charged a non-return equipment fee of $200. I have attempted to resolve this issue by reaching out through chat, but the virtual agent was not helpful in resolving the issue.This situation is frustrating and time-consuming and could have been easily avoided if AT&T had properly handled the situation. It is unacceptable for a company to charge customers for returned equipment, especially when proof is provided. This not only causes inconvenience for the customer but also wastes their valuable time and resources. It is important for companies to uphold their promises and provide efficient and satisfactory customer service."
AT&T’s Internet and service is horrible.  We have had off and on service since before Christmas and today it’s off again.  According to them it’s a fiber issue and they’ve be working it since December 23.  This is ridiculous and unacceptable AND they decided to give us a $5 credit.  We work from home and this inconvenience is far more than $5 and over multiple days.  I’ve been with AT&T well over 30 years and it has significantly declined over the years.  Their service is horrible and unreliable.  I’ll be looking into another service today.
I have been a vodafone customer for a number of years but my patience has come to an end as I am tired of the very poor broadband service and the promises of improvement while my internet continues to drop out and becomes slow regularly (16mbps right now and it should be closer to 50mbps) I will be changing internet provider as soon as possible
"Zero rating would be correct. I upgraded 3 phones and had to return them when I received the new phones. I just got one of the phones returned to me with a letter saying I didn't return them in the allowed time period, and am be charged $900 for my troubles. Customer service could not and will not work on a resolution. I will be changing my provider and canceling my DTV because of this unprofessionalism."
"I've been with vodafone close to 20 years, For the past few years I've been paying for device plans and air plans for 3 people under my name. I tried to upgrade one of them at  the weekend but was denied after checking my credit profile.Even though I have asked more than once, they wont tell me exactly what the issue is, but after checking my credit profile there was a note on there to say that if you have 3 or more unsecured loans it can negatively impact your credit rating, so as I have 3 device plans under my name (mine, my partners and my sons) I can only but guess, that this was the problem. I don't have any other substantial loans, I don't have an overdraft and only have a small amount on my credit card (under £200). I would say my credit profile is ok from what I can see and the only thing that's stopping vodafone from renewing my device plan is their loans they gave me. 2 of the 3 device plans would be cleared upon the upgrade with just 1 remaining so don't see the issue?Another issue is they ask you to clear the device plan as the first bit of the upgrade process and then do the credit check for the new device plan, the credit check should be done first because now we have cleared the device plan (1 year remaining) and was going to use the trade in value for our old phone to offset it, but now out of pocket as the refuse to cancel the clearing of the device plan.I will be taking my business elsewhere after 20 years. taking every phone line and broadband away from them as I feel annoyed and let down that I am encouraged to scoop all mobiles and broadband under one account to get savings, but then my credit profile is at risk as I have multiple unsecured loans on my profile for all the devices on the account.If my partner and son managed their own mobile phones on their own account their device plan would be in their own name and be reflected on their own credit profile.*Bear the above in mind, when consolidating all your services!*"
"For the 4th time, travel couldn't use my 6GB roaming WiFi whe I was told its all set up to go and not to worry."
"AT&T required my 95-year-old mother with dementia to come down to the store to authenticate her ID simply to activate a new SIM card because she misplaced her phone.    Even though the store employees said, I could do it over the phone, AT&T customer service, In all of their wisdom, required them to send an authentication code to her phone. The lost phone!! They would not do it through email. They verified her Social Security number. They spoke with her on the phone. But they’re still going to require her to come down to the store for a new SIM card. Until then she has no phone. I will never use AT&T."
"AT&T is absolutely the worst company to deal with when it comes to cell phones or even their TV service. We have been working on this from March until June trying to get her number changed to a new company and they gave us the runaround two hours 2 1/2 hours on the phone, every time you call, we called like 9 or 13 times still nerve result just trying to get a release pin number. It seems like nobody there knows what they’re doing or has permission to do anything. I would not recommend this company to anyone unless you want to be run around and lied to. They are absolutely the worst stay far away from them . We have been working this since March until June 10 and still have not gotten anywhere and this is trying to get an 84 year old lady just to get her phone straight unbelievable"
Internet is intermittent. Cancellation requires a phone call with combative telemarketers who claim they can't hear you .
"My husband and I have used Sprint/TMobile for several years and have had HORRIBLE experiences with them. We’ve tolerated questionable billing practices, bad customer service, inept management, spotty coverage, lousy promotional offers, outright lies about pricing and contract terms, impenetrable website login pages, inestimable wastes of time with general problem resolution, and terrible equipment- related issue resolution. I know mergers are never seamless but this irredeemable mess of a company needs to close down. We can’t wait for our new phone company to take over our account. Run as fast and as far as you can from Sprint/T Mobile if you value your sanity and money."
"2 years in a row we signed up for monthly internet service during a lengthy stay over holidays. No problem the first year. The second year they continued to charge us and when I called to straighten it out was told only the account holder can cancel. This was not the case the previous year, nor were we told this when we signed up and took the equipment or when we returned it. And it is nowhere in their paperwork. Customer service just says, ""I'm sorry"" or ""I understand"" or blah, blah, blah. I'm pretty sure the supervisor is just the robot at the next desk. So literally, any authorized user can add lines and services because that makes T-mobile money. But when it comes to canceling services and therefore reducing the monthly intake on their end, it takes the account holder. Unethical much? And when I complained that my son (not an authorized user) was able to walk into a T-Mobile store and get a brand new I-Phone, she suggested I go to the store (where he was attending college?!! ) and take it up with the manager. Again with the customer service script that says, ""That shouldn't have happened."" Forget reading small print, it isn't there."
"I was a loyal customer for 18 years---18 YEARS. When I moved to my new apartment 2 months ago I could not get any reception for my phone or home internet. I contacted T-Mobile numerous times and was told since there was a hospital between me and the tower, that I would not be able to get reception. So I reluctantly had to leave T-Mobile. Then their tune changed. I kept getting billed for things, claiming I didn't return some type of hardware I supposedly got in 2015. I would call and get a different story from the representative each time The last straw was them sending me a collection notice for a bill that they had never sent me for that supposed hardware. The actual T-Mobile bill didn't show up for 4 days after the collection notice which is just wrong. I should have left T-Mobile years ago."
"Two phones on my account were traded in for new phones. I contacted ATT for the box & labels to return each phone. I followed the steps provided and mailed the two phones back to ATT. A month went by with no credits to my account. Another month went by so I called ATT. I was on hold for an hour. ATT rep stated it could take up to 3 months to see your credit. The credit for both phones is $1400. $700/per phone.I have called multiple times attempting to resolve this. ATT now says they never received either of my phones!! I visited my local ATT store and was told the mgr was going to escalate my issue- never heard back. I called ATT and asked for their trade in distribution center and the sales rep refused to transfer me and tried to upsell me something else. After 1hr30 min the rep hung up on me. Most recently I had a conversation with an ATT employee off the record and this employee stated that ATT had sent customers the incorrect label for trade ins.  The labels ATT sent customers for trade ins all went back to ATT sales. ATT says that they have no way of tracking either phone. I followed the directions with the correct box, label and timeframe to return these two phones. After having 6 calls with ATT, multiple chats & visiting the ATT local branch and getting nowhere I need to contact the Attorney General, BBB and leave reviews. ATT owes me my trade in money of $1400."
"This is the absolute worst cell service I have ever had. I’m counting down the days to finish my contract so I can leave. I’ve complained multiple times about dropped calls and lack of service and that even in my own home I only have service half the time, I’m always dismissed with “oh, it’s because you have an iPhone.” And never fix anything. Would highly suggest you never switch to this provider."
"Switched to a much cheaper service with far superior coverage but can't stop payment at t-mobile because I can't remember the PIN I set over 2 years ago.  So just hop on the t-mobile app and reset my PIN as per their call center IVR ‐ sounds easy right?  Nope, since I'm no longer a customer, I cannot reset my PIN!  Go to the store to find out there are things on my account that don't apply to us like home internet and an iPad, we never had either.  Have we been paying for those things?  Your guess is as good as mine and theirs, they really don't know.  Without a PIN, absolutely no one can help me.  We just paid what we paid and we're still paying and there's quite literally nothing that can be done about it.  No one in the local store and no one in customer service can help me despite all of them being able to tell we canceled the service so I have to pay $40 to stop pay at the bank level.  If you're in the market, find any other company on the planet but this one."
"I ordered a new home broadband service from Vodafone this week and spent an hour providing all the necessary information to a customer service agent. I signed up for a 24 month contract and was very happy with the package. My current provider BT then notified me that Vodafone were preparing to take over the service in a few weeks, so all seemed to be progressing well and I was impressed with Vodafone. However, the following day I got an unexpected email from Vodafone saying my order was cancelled and that I would need to ring them in 4 days time to raise a new order again. I initially thought it was a scam. I contacted Vodafone to find out what was happening and to try and reinstate the order. After using their chat service I was passed through 5 different teams for over an hour trying to get clarity on what had happened. They confirmed the order was cancelled but could not help me or explain why. They told me I had cancelled it but I hadn’t. When I told them it was clearly a mistake and that I still wanted to go ahead and requested that they simply reinstate my order, they told me I couldn’t and that I would have to start all over again. Obviously I don’t want to do this - partly as I don’t have the time and also for fear of having the next order cancelled as well. So, after many hours trying to transfer my broadband service to Vodafone I actually don’t have anything to show for it other than a cancelled contract and a notification from BT that they are going to end my current service in a few weeks time. I can’t tell you how stressful this experience has been and how frustrating it has been to try your very best to become a customer of Vodafone. Their customer service teams really don’t seem to have the information or systems needed to support them. My final request to Vodafone was for someone to call me to help me reinstate the order. Amazingly they told me they couldn’t call me. I’m now looking at alternative providers in the hope they can do better."
"Was quoted a monthly bill of $100 from costco. First bill was 240, second was 98 third was 150. The sales people lie to you. The customer service people don't speak english. WORST experience ever! STAY AWAY FROM AT&T."
"Absolutely horrendous. I ordered new phones for me and my brother and got a significant holiday discount, but it was delivered 3 days during the work week, but it requires a signature, so I obviously missed all 3 days because I'm at work. Due to this, our phones were sent back to where they were shipped from. I called both AT&T and UPS and both told us there is nothing we can do. The AT&T agent I spoke with even was placing the blame on me for not being home. I am at WORK in the middle of the day. I have zero way of being home if I am working. Some of the worst customer service dealt with, and now I have to start the ordering process all over again. If you are thinking of getting a new phone through AT&T, please reconsider."
"This was a while ago. ATT bought out by Indian scammers.I have ATT prepaid. Their regular service had a deal on 3 lines for my family. I told my mom and she bought it, and she mentioned they asked for her SSN, which she thought was weird. I had a bad feeling.Not two months later she got a credit alert, someone opened up a credit card in FL. No one in the family has ever been! Thank god she shut that down.I walked in store and talked to a manager, he said call up their phone reps, regular ATT has different reps from ATT Prepaid. OMG all from India! And I pretended to buy a line from them and they also asked my SSN!Classic America, bought out by Indian scammers. I can't believe it, but it makes sense these days. NEVER GIVE YOUR SSN!!! Why would a phone company need that??"
"My daughter got a phone on payments plus unlimited phone service, 1st month phone bill was $211, 2nd month $86, now in her 3rd month it’s $113, why is this not consistent pricing? They told her the first month would be a little over a $100 well it was 211, her phone bill plus phone payment is supposed to run $86 a month total, not $113 like this month.. Very inconsistent and I would definitely not recommend.. I’m not sure if it’s a problem with all att stores or just the one in Berea Kentucky.. Not pleased, fixing to return phone and go with different carrier"
"Ok, you get an email too login in to see the progress of your order. You need a phone number or account number, which you get when the account is live. The best bit is they are aware of this and have done nothing to rectify it.  You need either number above to talk on the phone or to a person via the chatbot.  The reason I was trying to talk  to someone is the router has been posted to the billing address, not the installation address.  WOW.As always reply obviously only read last sentance of my complaint"
"We recently switched after a long time (3+ years) due to probably the worst customer service I’ve had.We moved home and with us our Broadband, but the activation date was delayed, initially by a month (fibre needed installing by open reach). That’s fair, I rang Vodafone and asked for a temporary solution as I work from home and was spending an amount of money on data (there’s a daily compensation but that doesn’t cover it). After several calls and rounds of complaints (this seems by design) they finally agreed to a temporary solution: a WiFi dongle, who would’ve thought!? They also kindly provided with a 4GB SIM card.Nearly a month and a half later the open reach team came and did the job, my broadband could be activated.Next thing I know I was being charged for the WiFi dongle, and the 4GB sim card (which I didn’t use) a non-trivial amount of money (nearly £100 in total).Given how much hassle it was to obtain a temporary solution for such a long delay in service, and they charged me for it, I’m waving goodbye to Vodafone on all accounts."
"We have been customers of AT&T wireless for years, but due to the high charges for AT&T we opted to go to another carrier. It took 4 phone calls to AT&T, with numerous persons, and many lies on AT&T's part. We finally contacted our new carrier explaining that AT&T would not unlock our cell phones (which we own!!). Once contacted by our new carrier AT&T shut off our service with no notice. I have congestive heart failure, so AT&T's lack of customer service and shutting down our cell phones was unacceptable and medically dangerous to me!!!  I urge anyone thinking of using AT&T to go somewhere else and use any other company!!! AT&T is lucky we are not contacting an attorney regarding the phone turn off, when our account is paid out for another 2 weeks!!!!"
"I finally cancelled AT&T after my bill increased to nearly $70 for basic wifi. I forgot to turn off the automatic bill pay and got charged for internet I didn’t even have anymore. When I called the lady gave me the run around and basically told me they don’t cancel auto pay for you, you have to do that yourself. I straight up told her that’s sneaky and really shady. She didn’t say much. Anyway, I was supposed to get a $65 refund but only ended up getting $47. I also waited 10 weeks for a stupid debit card instead of them just refunding my bank account. Idk how AT&T is still in business. They’re greedy and don’t give a flying **** about their customers."
"Let's start by saying if you live in Altoona,PA, and go to the At&t store on Pleasant Valley Blvd beware. In April I went in to upgrade my watch, Nathan talked me into getting another watch and upgrading my phone cause it wouldn't be much more money because the watches were buy one get one free and I would get a thousand dollars for my phone if I would trade it in. Needless to say I got 2 new watches and a new phone but remember I should be getting all these discounts and rebates. 6 mos later I get a text saying I canceled one of my lines for one of the watches. I call customer service only to be told that it was my problem to fix what the at&t store messed up. Nathan canceled my original number that my watch was tied to and gave me new numbers on both watch lines. I didn't know this happened but since he canceled my original line for my watch I have not gotten the watch for bogo or 27 something a month accredited to my account for the phone trade in. Originally I was told it would take a while for me to see the discounts so I didn't think anything of it. The first customer service person I talked to which by the way was a manager stated that I had to reinstate my original line to get the discounts and if I didn't reinstate the line I would not receive any money back, that guy ended up hanging up on me cause I said that he needed to explain to me why this became my problem to fix when someone there messed up and why i needed to reactivate a line that wont have a watch tied to it, i simply said that i didn't need another watch. So an hr later my husband called and spoke with someone that knew what he was doing and fixed everything, my husband was on the phone for an hr and a half but fingers crossed everything is taken care of."
"According to the Vodafone website, leaving customers would get the final bill within 30 days of the date of disconnection and refund, if any, would also be processed. After the said period, didn't received any bill or refund. Contacted Vodafone via their complaint page, received a call from their agent the next day and was asked a number of questions about personal details before the agent generated the final bill and sent it over. Was told that in order to get the refund, bank details were required. Gave the required details to the agent, though quite reluctantly, as those questions were very similar to those that your bank or police would alert you as being from a scammer. Anyway, got an email confirmation after a week saying that the refund had been processed and would reach my account in 3-5 days. A month passed, no refund. Contacted them via email and got a call back again asking the same set of questions. Didn't provide bank details this time and the agent just kept repeating that the details were required for arranging refund. Interestingly, at the beginning of every call they claimed that the call would be recorded, and I suppose from my previous communication with the other agent a month ago, there should be a record already, after all, they said the details were required for processing the refund. Now just as if the previous communication didn't exist, despite the confirmation email about the refund I received more than a month ago, I was asked the same set of questions for personal details. It's just ""surreal"". I gave up. They can keep my money, otherwise it's just like groundhog day.Response to Vodafone's social media team:Thanks for your response but I have no desire to answer the same set of questions again from someone seems to be from an offshore call centre. It also doesn't help that all of a sudden I received a scam test message from a +91 area code number, though it may have nothing to do with my recent experience."
My only regret is changing from BT to Vodafone. I never had netflix frozen with BT or bad whatsapp calls etc
"Switched to Vodafone as they were offering 4x faster broadband than my previous provider for less than £2 more per month. They sent out a router ahead of the installation date, which I requested to be diverted to my local post office so I could collect when I'm not at work. I got an email to say it had been delivered on Monday, so I went to the post office, only to find that it hadn't actually been delivered, and my parcel was on its way back to Vodafone. When I contacted Vodafone on Tuesday, they said they would try and get a replacement to me by the end of the week. Openreach installed the line on Thursday, it's now the following Monday and I'm still without a router."
"SCAM ARTISTS AND CON ARTISTS!! I have been using tmobile home internet in our camper since 2023. I went with this option because I was told by multiple employees including the store manager that I could take it on the road to use in multiple locations as I live in my camper. For $55 a month I couldn't complain. I have been using this for over a year with NO issues and now am being told I need to pay 2.9 times more ($160 on autopay) for their new ""away plan"" for the EXACT same service I have been using. The home internet will now be geo locked to one location so you can't take it anywhere. The rich have to stay rich and they will find ways to make more money for providing the same service"
"I have constantly had problems with ATT service. Earlier this week, I visited the ATT store to upgrade my phone and was good to go but told that my trade in would gain $600 if I fixed the screen so I went and paid $220 to have it repaired. Then I returned and was told then that it wasn’t eligible. I had to visit the store two times to try to upgrade, eventually ending in a conversation with ATT customer service, as the store advised, before finally getting told that their system was the problem and there was nothing they could do. My phone has been paid off for nearly a month and they could see it on their end, but couldn’t do anything. I was told wait another month and try again.This is just one time of many that I have had issues. The last time I upgraded, I was told that I needed to switch internet plans and the rate was set but it went up after a month (nearly $30!).I’m officially switching to a company that is cheaper and easier to work with. There are SO MANY options that are cheaper than AT&T."
"The worst phone company I ever been they over charge me more than 500 for two month and when I left them, with out tell me they send me to collection with out tell me anything Saying that I have 63 dollars for the last month bill which is lie. My bill uses to be 120 for 2 phone but in two month they over charge me and mess-up my credit Run away from this thief company"
"Be aware of their AT&T promotion. I have been  customer individually for almost 4 years and business customer for way longer. I decided to use their promotion $1000 for trade in. They offered me $1,000 promo trade in for my 13 Pro Max 512 GB for 3 year contract. Today I got message they give me only $350 for the phone in a perfect condition without any scratch (always had screen protector and case on) that I could trade in to Apple Store for $350 without any contract or sell privately for about $650. I consider that to be a real scam and I do not want to be customer any more and want my old phone back. Customer support is useless and they even don’t see yet  that my next bill would be adjusted and I would be paying way more."
After 9 years I finally had to find something better. Between the constant nag for new equipment and services and pop up odd fees and the constant push for autopay and most of all the price for what you get in return is not worth it. The ONLY good thing is I Never had signal problems anyplace in the world which is why I stayed with them for so long but that's where the good part stops. Being switched to autopay when I specifically told them not to was a complete violation of trust. They have cost me time and money in bank overdrafts and other issues and the best they have is 3GB of data which is garbage by today's standards. Their home internet speeds are terrible and they have bandwidth caps and are one of the only companies that still has them. They are just not up with the state of technology and the prices are terrible. It was time for us to part ways
Terrible customer support. I just wanted to see our bills from more than 16 months ago but they refused. The representative said if I wanted to see them they would charge me $5 per month for each bill and then hung up on me. The service gets worse and worse and the bills go up and up. Our family is switching to Verizon.
If I could give 0 I would have.They install the broadband then forget to install the landline I lost a full week of income ( business broadband) lost near enough £5k and this scammers thieves offered me £150 as they don’t compensate for the damages caused.Avoid at all costs this scammersI have follow every instructions possible you forgot to activate the line blaming BT first then some other random stuff and took no responsibility whatsoever for the damages caused.Rather than be sorry do something fair about it !!You know how to contact me! I will update if any attempt to contact me happens ( I doubt it as the reply is very standard)
Went there to get help linking my phone to a wifi tablet the lady there said I couldn't do it tried selling me internet service but then said for whatever reason I wasn't approved for it started talking about their tablets at 600.00 dollars I said I guess I'll send the tablet back and forget the whole thing I'm not really knowledgeable about any of this but went home and spent a good part of the day linking to Bluetooth got it all working and all is good she doesn't either know or care about what she's doing just cares about upselling will never go to this store at trinity point washington pa again they suck and the cabela drive store is even worse I'll have to find another store or a new service provider
"I had a highly unsatisfactory experience with Vodafone's broadband service and cannot recommend it. During my one-year contract, the connection dropped at least ten times each evening. Upon completing the contract, I sought to cancel the service. However, when I contacted Vodafone via chat, I was informed that a 30-day notice was required, which I later discovered was incorrect for customers outside of the contract period.Subsequently, Vodafone proposed upgrading my connection to fiber optic, assuring improved stability and speed. I scheduled an engineer appointment, but the engineer failed to arrive on two occasions, causing me to waste two days waiting. Frustrated, I contacted Vodafone again to cancel all services and received confirmation that my account was closed. I also received an email offering compensation of £219 for the failed connection attempts, which I disregarded, believing my association with Vodafone had ended.Ten months later, I received emails indicating overdue payments of £28, followed by another stating a balance of £63. Upon contacting Vodafone via chat, I was advised to visit a store, where I was then directed to call customer service. It became evident that Vodafone had not canceled my account as confirmed; they had been charging me for ten months, depleting my credit, and only notified me when the credit was exhausted.Additionally, during a 40-minute call with customer service, the agent terminated the call, citing that I had been waiting too long.(I know the info from the customer service team when I went in the shop they looked into my account and I have read all their notes, disgusting)I strongly advise avoiding Vodafone and recommend verifying that any account cancellations are fully processed to prevent similar issues."
Absolutely horrendous service. I was on call with them for two hours to fix my account and no solution. They have extremely slow service and poor customer care team who do not understand the issues.
"I travel a lot so I signed up for their new plan that includes Wi-Fi on domestic flights. They made it sound super easy.  Connect to airplane mode, plane WiFi and then make a WiFi call and you will be connected but of course normal misinformation from T-mobiles.A lot  of flights don’t turn on WiFi until in the air and it’s too late.   T-mobile never comes thru and sells you services that don’t work."
"Hi Everyone,I have been using vodafone for past 12 years when it used to be the one of the best network even though expensive but i was happy because of quality of service they were providing as i don't want stress with signals. However, for past 1 year the quality of service went below then every other one,even with full signals 4g or 5g will disappear automatically while on whatsapp call then come back after wait. I spoke to the customer service to cancel or fix the issue but then they told me your contract is finishing in June and helped me fixing some stuff with internet in my mobile but still no improvement. I realise the ppl in my circle is facing same issue and thinking of moving from vodafone. Stay away from vodafone!!!"
"The actual speed is too low.We buy this Net service from t-mobile since it offers $10.00 off (the full NET service total becomes $40.00)1. The average speed measured is usually less than 25 Mbit (less than a quarter of the lowest standard 100Mbit/s speed).2. Customer Tech Support Never has a real solution. All solution available is to turn off the power of the Router box. Within 8-days, we made at least 4 calls, but the only real solution is ""to turn it off about 5 minutes then turn it on again"".3. Lie in explaining reason: within 4 calls we reach, the only explanation is ""I saw the technical is working  ... It only takes 1-2 days"". But actually, it is either a lie or they work with the turtle speed. After many days the problem was still not resolved."
"If I could give them a 0. I would they said that they were cheaper than Att and  what I got a phone And 2 watches, I open them. It was a hard time switching my phone number over from ATt And I did this in January of 2024 I wrapped the stuff up. Sent it right back that same day. They receive the items. They said that I owed them $350. In actuality, they owed me $240 for my taxes. They sent me to collections, and now I'm having to dispute this before they put it on my credit. I've talked to T-Mobile numerous times from January. Tell June. Them telling me oh yeah, we're going to send you your money back. You don't owe us anything. We're gonna put a dispute in b******* now. I'm talking to the collection agency because t mobile sent it, to collections. This has been really stressful. I've talked to multiple people at T-Mobile. Even gave them my bank account information. They said that they would put it in my account in 1 to2  days never did. Do not work with T-Mobile. They'll rip you off. And then try to send you 2 collections. I worked really hard on my credit. I have a high credit score, but they don't care"
"I am extremely disappointed with Vodafone's service and their complete lack of professionalism. They agreed to install my internet on September 10th, but never showed up. Since then, they have rescheduled the installation six separate times, each time with little notice and delays of up to 30 days.Each time I called to confirm that everything was in place, they reassured me that they were ready to go, only for the installation to be cancelled again the day before it was supposed to happen. This has caused immense frustration and inconvenience, and it's clear that Vodafone has no regard for their customers’ time or commitments.If you are looking for reliable service and a company that actually values your business, I strongly advise you to avoid Vodafone. Their incompetence and terrible customer service have left me completely dissatisfied.UPDATE IN RESPONSE TO REPLY FROM VODAFONE: They've asked me to contact them on socials as a token gesture to appear people reading this review but they've ignored me there too. Horrific service."
"I don’t know what has happened in the past 2 years, but it is total nonsense trying to get any type of customer service. IF you can get a real person, one person tells one thing yet another says the total opposite.  I spent 4 days trying to get a HUMAN with no avail until Friday and it was an absolute circus.The only reason I keep the phone plan is the coverage area. Otherwise I’d go right back to TMobile."
"After they persuade me to switch and sign up, they would not honor any of the promised discounts. Not just the store, even the FirstNet customer support line. I am not satisfied the way ATT handles my questions ever since I switched. i tried multiple times, in store and on the phone. I regret for sig ing up. I would not advise any one else to come here. I can not wait to leave them. I"
"In April 2022, while in Georgia for work, I went to a T-Mobile store to inquire about a wifi hotspot. The representative there told me about a small wifi device they had. I asked if I would be able to try out the device and T-Mobile’s service to see if it would actually work where I was and if it didn’t work, return it. He said yes.I signed up and took the device home. After trying the device and service out for 5 days, I was not able to access the internet using it. So, I returned to the store where the same representative helped me. After returning the device, he told me I would not be charged anything else and my service was canceled.For a year following that day, T-Mobile charged me $50 every month. I called them several times to request that they stop withdrawing from my account and refund the money they had taken. They told me that I had to go into a store to be helped with this.So, I went into a store. At the store, they tried to help me by calling T-Mobile’s Care department. At that point, they said that T-Mobile Care would be taking care of it - that I would not be charged anymore and I would receive a refund. That did not happen.I followed up with the store manager after yet another payment was taken out of my account. By this time it was March 2023, almost 1 year after the first charge! I never received a response from her.So, in late March of 2023, I went to my bank and asked that they place a stop payment on T-Mobile’s monthly draft from my account. They did that and refunded a portion of the money that T-Mobile wrongfully took from my account.T-Mobile has now (as of 6/17/24) reported me to a collection agency stating that I owe them $378! I do not owe T-mobile any money and in fact, they still owe me over $300!I wish I would have thought to place the stop payment with my bank after the first fraudulent charge by T-Mobile. Regardless, beware of T-Mobile."
Stay away from them.  Spent all day on phone with Customer service over a bill and told nothing they can do switched to them cause we're cheaper than Verizon but guess you get what you pay for they don't value you only how much money they can get out of you
No Comments.
"Hello, after finding out the router I originally bought from T-Mobile needed an upgrade I thought that this would be an easy transition to a new upgraded one. Boy was I wrong this was a nightmare I wasted 2 weeks of back and forward with the store and technical support, and this was just a vicious circle of people not knowing what they were doing. Not sure if they were not configuring the router on purpose at the store because. Or again they just didn't know what they were doing. And this is after speaking with the manager and the rep. After the 3rd router, I was still unable to configure the router to log in. So I went back to the store to get a replacement the manager and rep started arguing with me because the court information wasn't on the router. Sand the manager stated after this router is replaced I cannot come back to this store if something goes wrong with the router. But it was their fault I had to go through so many routers before. So after replacing this router, I needed to make sure this router was up and running before I left the store while I was video on my phone this whole incident. This rep thought I didn't see him on his cell taking a screenshot of all the router information IMEI, router password, etc. So immediately after I left the store I called T-Mobile to tell them what had happened so this could be recorded. To me, the rep didn't sound too interested in this incident and was more concerned with a second line and another new phone. And now after putting in the ""new router"" overnight it reset itself and now I have had to reconfigure this router 3 times because it keeps getting hacked and I know it's because of the manager and rep at that store.  Wow... Store# 9062. I think they should retrain their management and staff because whatever they doing is not working. I'm in contact with a lawyer. This doesn't make any sense. I hope this doesn't happen to other customers at other stores like this happen to at this one.I will be posting my experience with the store and Tmobile everywhere. This is crazy!!!"
These people suck I got the home internet and a phone for a 15-day tryout. The Samsung A 15 phone is broken and I have asked them twice for proof of purchase and a return shipping label they will not and have not sent me either. I have filed a complaint against them with the FCC about this crap with them they suck.
"Have been a customer with t-mobile since they started. They were recently bought over. Now my reception  has a lot of areas that don't come in where it did before. My data was unlimited to a point and would then slow down,in the 15 years I've been with boost this only occurred a couple of times. Now it's every month. And with the new owners it doesn't slow down,it stops!!!!! NO DATA AT ALL. This is a breach in my original contract stating a slow down, not a complete stop, meaning you can't get any data use on the road.You were always able to see how much data you had left before the slow down would acura. Now you can't check what you have left and it just stops working. This is the perfect situation for a class action law suit. Anybody on board,count meIn, it's not about the money,it's about being a loyal customer and a new company taking over and now trying to get more money out of you to increase their profits. Verizon may charge more, but the service is the best!!!"
Went to switch with them back in March. Same day I switched Verizon bought me back with a better deal and we canceled the plan. Cue to November and I am getting called DAILY from collections for a t mobile bill I never should have gotten??? I never used their service and I'm so fed up with their horrible customer service. Will never ever recommend them.
"My family and I have used T-Mobile for close 10 years and other than the price of the plans, the company wasn't that bad but then again what choice do you have? When my husband and I separated I chose to change phone plans to separate our phone bill. We have been trying to get T-Mobile to unlock the phone for over three weeks now and we still cannot use OUR phones with the new company. Mind you, our phones are completely paid for. I have called multiple times and spent several hours of my time arguing with customer service and nothing has helped resolve the issue. I requested to speak to a manager and they told me that they would say the same thing. It has left me no choice but to leave reviews. Our phones were $1,200 a piece and now they are paperweights. I am so done with phone companies thinking they can screw us over."
Absolutely deplorable internet. I've tried everything from reconnecting the router to moving it closer to changing it 2.4 from 5.0ghz nothing works it's safe to say that this is the most utterly disgusting internet service I've had in a long time GO SCREW YOURSELF ATT
"Call the 611 because my account was frozen.  Phone tech could not get into my billing. Made payment . Had payment plan $64 on the 21st and $64 on the first of January. Well T-Mobile locked it down because I haven't made the January 1 2024 payment....it's December 21st ....so i had to pay the Jan 1st bill on the 21st just to be able to get my other phone activated.The attitude of customer service was good at first till I stood my ground so I put it on speaker phone. Every one in the electronics section heard her crappy attitude asking me ""why am I still waiting on you"" ...get rid of horrible bs loopholes and sell the company to Temu!!!!!!¡"
"Was told I would have great service in my area. Called the next day of getting the service bc we had no service, they told me a tower was down. We r in month 3 and guess what they still say tower is messed up. Can’t wait for my 2 years is up. I am out and will never use this service again."
Att worst company  ever  went on vacation for 7days come back $1500 phone change. Just for roaming.High way robbery.They offer free phone to trade your old phone but they lock you to 36 months contract.  Scammers  AT&T HOW CAN YOU DO THIS TO  CUSTOMERS
This company is rubbish in every way possible
"The T-mobile store in Shawnee Oklahoma has sold me phone without telling me the whole story on having to add 2 extra lines canceling my old account which was $202.a month no I'm pay $367. a month and he didn't explain any of this.The store or T-mobile customer service won't do anything about it,except saying I'm stuck paying the bill for 2 years."
"I am deeply disappointed with the service provided by T-Mobile. We agreed to a two-week free trial on June 21, 2024, after two of their representatives visited our office. They set up the service on June 27, but it was not functional. They came back on July 1 to fix it, but within 20 minutes of their departure, our systems crashed due to issues with the T-Mobile network, causing us to lose access to our patient database.Despite multiple attempts to get help from T-Mobile, we were met with unresponsive support. I had to manually troubleshoot the issue and revert to our original internet service. We wanted to cancel the trial, but were told we needed to visit a T-Mobile store. Due to the 4th of July weekend, we couldn’t get there until July 8, which was still within the trial period from the second setup.Now, we are being billed for the service despite the numerous issues we encountered. Every attempt to resolve this by phone has resulted in being put on hold or transferred to incorrect departments. This level of customer service is unacceptable and has caused significant disruption to our operations.I would not recommend T-Mobile based on this experience. The lack of effective support and resolution to our problem has been extremely frustrating."
"They are, and continue to be the worst internet provider in the country. Don't waste your time. Go with Spectrum. I used to have them as a mobile carrier and internet. I was interested in having them install fiber... as usual they give you a block of 2 hours... of which they originally didn't come on the day scheduled. Then on the day it was rescheduled they were late... wasting my time, and having to push calls out. Their customer service is off shore and incompetent. When you call back hold times are close to an hour. Seriously... there is better products. What's sad is they are based in Dallas, and the service is still garbage here."
"Worst service ever spent hours on the phone trying to get my service on for data issues they were having, had my private information compromised, having phone issues the entire time, does not get service everywhere like it advertises 5g is better than Verizon, when my friend had Verizon in a no data zone her phone worked and Mines did not on 5G terrible. Will reach out to Morgan and Morgan."
What a total a waste of time . Ordered a sim upgrade on Black Friday for £20.40 50gb data plus roaming also gout talked in to an additional new sim with 100g for £10 . All sounds good BUT after checking my app on 2nd Dec I see that the sim upgrade has not been applied to the account . I call Vodafone and speak to a very helpful gentleman who informed me that the order was taken but never completed ! So what can we do I ask and I’m told that the agent is going to speak to his manager . After talking to his manager he is told they can do nothing . So I have asked for the PAK code for that account and I’m going to take my business else where .Then I ask for them to cancel the extra sim that was ordered at the same time as the up grade which they can’t do because that has also not been completed and until they complete I can’t cancel . so now we are in total limbo as to what is happening. The one thing I do know is that after 20+ years with Vodaphone they are a complete waste of time & I’m done with them
Overcharged by £223 when moving home with my broadband. I've now had 3 phone calls in 5 weeks and every time I've been apologised to and assured it will be refunded to my account. 10 Days since my last phone call still nothing. Pathetic customer service.
I gave 1 star because it was the only way I would be able to write this review they careless about your situation at all it's like my phone was hacked I just kept getting an echo or when I dial a number I would get nothing but the phone would hang up on its on this went on for 4 day technician suppose to call back didn't happen 09.29/2024 to present this happen billing cycles change when their ready to change them if your out of work and can't pay your bill T mobile could care less even though their is a past record of you paying the bill 3 days later they still got their payment so no I would not recommend T mobile to no one un reliable they lie allot say what they think you want to hear
"Was Paid ahead when I switched to Mint mobile. I still had at least 15 days left when I cancelled T-Mobile. I just figured that money was my loss. Cancelled the middle of March Then I received 2 bills on the same day, one dated April 5th for $41.44 and one dated April 10th for $13.82. The second one had a $7.00 late fee as part of it. Called them and the guy was supposed to call me back within 2 days. Never happened. I just called them back. I got nowhere. anyway, I paid the $13.82 and told her I need to get off of the phone and go leave a bad review. They don't like that. Then she was going to give me the $7.00 late fee back but she found out she cant do that on an account that was cancelled. Anyway do what you will but I don't recommend them."
Worst company
I have T-Mobile internet and phones They sent me a lap top thru the mail which I told them I did not want numerous times and sent it anyhow. They will not take it back and now they’re charging me for it. They lied about taking it back so now I am stuck with it They told me to sell it . But it only works on t mobile so I am stuck with this useless laptop. I ll be looking for a new service
Customer service is useless.First my order was cancelled and they failed to appropriately inform me leading to weeks delay which when you work from home is really impractical.When the order was finally sent they didnt include the adapter needed to connect the hub to the internet port. They advised they send the item out but it was not received. Rang again and they sent a second one out. Still not received. About a week later I got a slip through the post from royal mail asking me to pay a fee for a delivery as it had not been covered by the sender. I paid not know what it was going to be and it turned out to be the missing part. I rang to ask for my money to be refunded and submitted a complaint. 3 weeks later I have heard nothing back. Chased again today and the reference number I was originally given for my previous complaint didn't exist. Have not been offered any compensation or genuine apology.Also when I rang for assistance in setting my broadband up the person on the phone tried to convince me the correct port was located in the hallway cupboard- a location that does not have a power source...Staff clearly read from a script when on a call or on the web chat and it is infuriatingly repetitive.Will be looking to change providers as soon as I can.
"worst costumer service everI have been in Tmobile shop in person 2 hours, they can not add a simple line to my account.I called support just access my account no response 1,5 hours, and after they couldn't help."
"I moved cell service from AT&T including my watch.  I went to the store to ensure it was done correctly.  I had to go back again because they didn't get it done right.  Once assured all lines, including my watch, were canceled with them (ported out to  T-Mobile) I thought issues were fixed.  9 months later my wife noticed we were still paying $60 a month for the watch.  45 minutes on the phone to the Phillipines and 2 agents later I was told it was my fault for not double checking on the watch.  I told him I did.  They wouldn't return my money for services I never received."
"So here's what happened. I purchased a new eSim from Vodafone as a pay monthly customer through Carphone Warehouse. I also requested a switch to keep my number. Thought I found a good deal, however it was the start of a horrific experience with both carphone warehouse and Vodafone all together. None are better than the other.They've sent me the eSim through post apparently, which beats the logic, since it was supposed to be a ELECTRONIC SIM??? but they still send the QR code through post? Idk, very badly thought. They've used DPD, which again, very bad delivery company to deal with, can't work your way around with them. And because I was at work, they didn't want to deliver a sim card unless in person. Mind you, they got all the way to my flat door, and still didn't slide it through the door, my own address and my own flat, which could've been treated as handed to the resident too. Now they've failed to deliver every day until my old sim provider disconnected my services because of the switch, but the switch was not complete because I wasn't getting the sim to activate it. Multiple rounds of trying to contact Vodafone to sort this out, they were not interest to help me since the contrat was down through carphone warehouse, even if they were the provider. The order number was not Vodafone generated, therefore they didn't do the slightest to help.Back to carphone warehouse, their website is a shamble, a disaster, it's not working to contact them online, and because my phone got disconnected I was unable to make calls. I emailed, but as you guessed no one bothered to answer.So, as a last resort I tried Skype. I had to top up Skype, and was finally able to make a call using the home wife through Skype. The lady from Carphone warehouse customer service could not have been more uninterested to help. I asked her what the problem is, if I can change the delivery to be collected or any other ways. No, it was ""no"" answer to every solution I was trying to find. I couldn't collect, I couldn't change delivery address, she sent me back to Vodafone and told me to go to a store with my ID to ask for a new number. The absolute madness and insanity of this situation was mind-blowing. The immense amount of stress they've caused me by messing up with my Sim was tremendously horrific. I asked carphone warehouse to cancel my order, customer service said she will do it. I asked if I'll get a confirmation of the cancellation to which she said I will, but never received it.I'm in absolute livid state of how incapable the customer service was on both sides, and completely useless to the point of mockery. To make a mistake on your side, and then expect the customer to solve everything and go to all the stores in person to chase you for a sim card. You are all out of your mind for such a disgusting service.Finally, I had to get another contract, this time from O2, who was very easy to deal with. Got a new eSim card in half an our, which was directly installed in my phone, didn't have to do anything. Customer service was 5 stars and assisted me through the whole process even when I couldn't use my phone number to be verified, they found a way around. However I've lost my old number because of Vodafone and its mess.I WOULD NEVER IN A MILLION YEARS WILL USE VODAFONE OR CARPHONE WAREHOUSE AGAIN!!! AVOID AND RUN FAR AWAY WHEN YOU SEE ONE OF THEIR STORES, THEY'RE ABSOLUTELY CLOWNS AND SCAMMERS. NOW I HAVE TO CHASE TJEM BECAUSE THEY DON'T WANT TO CANCEL MY CONTRACT, AND PASS ME FROM ONE TO ANOTHER TO HAVE IT CANCELLED. ABSOLUTELY SHOCKED BY THIS EXPERIENCE."
"They don't even deserve 1 star.  Their mobile sales team that sets up kiosks in places like bjs, Costco, target... They lie to your face about costs.  If they offer you a free phone, run like the wind.  Smiling faces tell lies."
"Tmobile has one of the most disrespectful and incompetent employees, especially the call center located in India.  These individuals provide fake names, they love to hear themselves speak, lack listening and communication skills and have no customer service skills.  It appears that they use your call to practice their English.  The corporate office where one should be available to file a complaint, the representative transfers the call to a B.S. department, when you call back and request to speak to a supervisor, you are told that you are being reported for harassment and your call is blocked.  This is Tmobile mission statement- to provide disrespectful agents and a disservice, while you pay us."
"Will continue to give bad reviews until coverage service improves again. Decade ago, used to be good then they absorbed sprint. Now emails come thru in big blocks rather than as they should one at a time and emails don't go thru and I constantly have to resend."
horrible company. piss poor coverage and rude personnel. when i paid them a year in advance they accused me of fraud. they are now dragging out mf refund. horrible company
They are very misleading and will cut your Internet off before the due date
"It took me two days and over 8 hours on the phone with customer service to get an iPad unlocked. The experience was so horrific that I switched all my devices to another carrier. Every time I would get an assurance from yet another agent that the device was unlocked, I would find out that it wasn't."
"We have AT&t fiber optics home internet. We have thoroughly enjoyed our internet services and the people who came out to install it were very helpful and kind. I logged on to view our bill and saw a deal for a new phone. Because we had such good success with our home internet we decided to switch our phone carriers, get two new phones on AT&t, and bundle our services to save us some money. We called customer service to have all of our questions answered and the man was very helpful. After answering all of our questions he asked us if we were ready to switch over and we said yes. He told us everything we needed to know about the deal and how it would all work out. He then took down all of our information on our previous phone that we were to trade in for this deal. He told us that since we were doing it over the phone he would put us in for a kit so that we could send our phones back in the mail. This was ideal for us as we have a new baby. After we completed our phone order we received our phones in the mail a few days later. We got everything actived, set up and switched over just fine. When our first bill came around it was exactly what he had told us it would be on the phone. We got our first bill after 15 days of service. I called customer service back because we still hadn't received our kit to mail our phones in to AT&t. The lady on the line said that they had sent them out and we just needed to wait and that they should be in our mailbox within the next couple days. After a couple of days still not had received the kit so I called AT&t back. This time the man on the phone said that the deal had expired and we were no longer eligible for it. I did not understand how this could be possible as we were still within our 30 day activation time. He was very unhelpful and very rude. The next day I called customer service again and spoke to another man. He told me that there was no order in the system for us. There was no order for our brand new phones and there was no order for the mailing kits so that we could send in our new phones. I asked him how this was possible as I had two new phones and I was now paying monthly credits for two new phones. After spending about an hour and a half on the phone with him and he was supposedly digging around our account trying to find out what was going on he told me he was sorry but there was nothing he could do because there was no record of anything. I went to our email account to try and find the order email and it is no longer available and I can no longer access any information about our order through the online app or by going through the desktop online. On my next day off of work I went into the AT&t store and spoke to the manager and explain to him all of this. He said that this was a very common issue that AT&t was dealing with when it came to processing online and phone orders. He said he was sorry but there was nothing he could do for us and we were just going to have to pay for the phones. I told him this was not acceptable and that they needed to figure out a way to rectify this situation because I did not switch to AT&t to buy two brand new phones. I could have done that with my old phone company. I am now in the process of trying to go back and speak to a different manager and if nobody can help me and they're sorry and we are just out of luck then I guess I'm going to have to give them their phone back and switch back to my old carrier. I never had any issues like this with my old carrier. Sticking with AT&t to save 20 bucks a month is not worth going through all of this. This has been a very stressful and disappointing event. We have a new baby and we were not expecting to have to pay for two brand new phones. While an extra $60 a month may not be much to some it is a lot for us. I was so looking forward to having the same great experience as we did with our internet. I'm so saddened by the lack of disregard and unhelpfulness I have received in this matter."
ATT WHEN I FURST SIGNED UP WITH THEM I WAS TOLD WHAT MY MONTHLY BILL WOULD BE. Then it kept changing over time getting higher and higher. I’m on a fixed budget so I’m can’t afford that. Representative would talk to me and tell what they want you to hear. Brings your rate down and by the next month it’s high again. They are a predatory carrier and misleading customers to pay higher prices. Debit your account without permission. Worst service ever. All of 2024 it’s been increases. To my bill.
"Disgusting and atrocious customer service ,they think they can treat people like sh@t and get away with it"
I joined Vodafone for “unlimited broadband” in September and the service was dreadful from day 1. Almost every day there were periods where there was no connection for about 20 minutes at a time. Customer services in India went through their list of checks several times but it made no difference. I left after 4 very stressful weeks.
"Having a worst experience with T mobile, the horrible customer service ever. We ordered 3 lines and new phones which were not delivered to us as no one was at home, they received the devices back. Still we being charged for more than $500 initial fees and calling them for refund from past one month. Adding to that we received mobile service invoice for $278 today for the service we never used. Really!!! It’s a nightmare. Please be cautious while switching to T-mobile."
"Anyone who uses Vodafone knows most of these reviews are fake. Using the Wayback Machine you can see the volume of reviews on here jumped hugely from May 2023 to June 2023 and mysteriously the rating went from being 1.3 to 4. What a turnaround in just a month, it's almost like they used an LLM to generate plausable sounding reviews.The old score was reflective of the service they provide."
"Could not add my current number on a new contract , from 21/10/24 I was to have my number ported on new contract for 12 months but what I got was lost mobile number £12 charge no contract , I had to get payasugo sim from another network from 21/10/24 and my credit score lowered as well , complete useless in the end they just said can’t port your number and disconnect the contract line and charged me £12 for there mistakes"
"The only way to improve this company is to shut it down. They charge for items they say are a gift for loyal customers ( you discover it later on your bill). They steal items you trade in, and then the customer service simply doesn't consider your complaints anymore. They are overpriced. What else? Sometimes you find a competent associate, but it's pure chance."
I'm tired of them charging my card that is no longer on the account I removed that card for a reason it's happened to me and my mom over drawing our accounts then we're having to be charged with an over draw fee we've called so many times to tell them stop charging the card so they obviously keep card information so I will never use at&t ever again (not to mention the service sucked)
"When I had the phone transfered to my name...the rep just did a transfer of financial responsablity. So when I went in 4 days later to get it all moved over as it should have been I told them I wanted to keep my new number. That was fine, but what they did was basically give me 2 acct for 1 phone. So even though I'm paying my bill on time, there was another acct I didn't know about. That acct got shut down for no payment then they hit me with a 1400 dollar bill with my device on it. They basically said sorry there is nothing we can do ...how do you want to pay this....for their screw up"
"0 stars - If I could I would rank ATT&T 0 stars, but I had to give them a 1 to get to this point.  Our experience has been horrific and began in January, 2024.  Issues are still not resolved and it is August 31, 2024. We set up a plan with ATT and purchased a motorola phone which the store rep recommended to us.  It was one of those new screens you are supposed to be able to bend and it broke with in the 3 day window.  They would not take the phone back.  Instead they sent it to Motorola.  Motorola replaced it with a refurbished phone, but it took 3 weeks!!  The screen stopped working again in late July.  We have been trying to cancel our ATT service since then but keep getting the run-a-round.  It is like they are holding us hostage!  I am trying today to cancel.  Again, run around, waiting for a call back.  Better business bureau here we come!!  Oh agents are rude and don't know much just pass you here and there.  Verizon is awesome and has awesome service, but spendy.  T-Mobile is where we landed - the customer service is outstanding.  Not quite the coverage of Verizon, but good enough for the price.  AT&T is a ripoff and customer service is horrid!"
"’ve been a loyal AT&T customer for over 15 years, but my recent experience has left me deeply disappointed. I participated in a phone trade-in program for $700, only to find out a few days later that the trade-in value for my phone had increased to $830. When I reached out to customer service to request an adjustment, I was met with a flat refusal to honor the updated trade-in value.What made the situation even more frustrating was the lack of willingness to escalate my concern. The representatives I spoke with were unhelpful and outright refused to transfer me to another department or supervisor who might have been able to assist.After more than a decade of loyalty, I expected AT&T to value its customers enough to provide fair consideration for situations like this. Sadly, their rigid policies and poor customer service have shown me otherwise. I am now seriously reconsidering my long-term relationship with AT&T."
Att &t is either the worst company or has literally never re invested the billions they make back into technology.  Either way the service is terrible and you can never get a hold of anyone unless your service plan is up then they never stop bothering you. Wish I had an option but apparently they have paid people off in my area as it is the only option for cable services.
It's ridiculous that their system requires I remember account number when I have been using online services only.IT IS ABSOLUTELY ABSURD  and aggravating that I can't even contact assistance through the chat without remembering the account number.
"My credit rating has been impacted by Vodafone/Checkmyfile as a result of wrong information supplied by Vodaphone, as a result my mortgage application has been turned down. I have spoken to them on numerous occasions by phone and by email. Why is it okay for companies to have the ability to do this to people?. Yet my credit record on checkmyfile is still showing the erroneous information. ."
I made an internet with them recently and it's been a month sense that and no one came to install it and they never responded back and they blocked my phone number so I'm going to leave your scam asses out I always hated them I was just stupid enough to get back with you guys
"So back in February I saw AT&T had a special on Samsung S24 Ultra AI phone. The phone with trade in was about 150 for a 1400 phone. So I thought I would do it using my old Note 10+ as a trade in. So got the phone and went into AT&T to have it set up and the Manager says our bad you’re not on the right rate plan if we move you to it the extra cost is 30 a month and the now 14 a month on the phone. I said nope cancel it I will go to T-Mobile for their deal on the same phone.So got all cancelled and was refunded for fees I paid up front to AT&T.I then went to T-Mobile and their deal was a little better on Samsung S24 Ultra AI phone. They required no trade in and would pay AT&T off 179 and give me 800 off the phone and 400 in credits which made the phone free except for taxes and fees which they all have. The guy said they will send an edoc to sign then all is a go. They sent the doc, I e-signed and T-Mobile sent a confirmation email acknowledging I signed. Then crickets for 5 days.Called T-Mobile CS they said oh that order was cancelled because edocs were not signed. I said wait I signed them and here is the confirmation email from T-Mobile confirming that. They said Opps our bad must have been a system error. So, I had to go back to T-Mobile office and redo the order this time signing the edoc in front of the agent. He set up delivery to my house because the one I wanted Titanium Grey was not in stock and the closest store that had it was 60 miles away. Then the UPS issue starts.So, UPS arranged delivery after 5 pm however they came at 9 am, so I rescheduled for 2-5pm the next day and they came at 9 am. I called UPS they said well the driver can change route to save fuel. I said but wait customers don’t know the driver is coming 5 or 6 hours ahead of a scheduled time. Her response Sorry, they will come Friday I said but no one will be there her response then they will send it back to T-Mobile. In the process UPS mishandled the phone and did not return it to T-Mobile.So now third trip to T-Mobile again everything cancelled, and order reconstructed. Only this time I had it sent to work a warehouse where people do receiving all day and UPS is their main shipper. So, Tuesday 3/5/2024 I get confirmation package delivered at dock at 9:37 am. Went down to dock and no package. They said the auto sign has been happening since covid and driver still does it. The warehouse Manager said sometimes they do this then deliver it the next day. I called UPS they said dispatch would call within an hour, no call. So, I called again 2 hours later and again they said dispatch would call within an hour, however no call.Wednesday 3/6/2024 still no package and no one can find it. Filed a claim with T-Mobile and UPS. Then dispatch called to get the information on the lost delivery.Now T-Mobile billed me for a month of service on 2/27/2024 which even if I received the phone on the 2nd week remember they cancelled I would be getting billed a month for 2 weeks usage.They have also not given me credit for the first charge for taxes and turnup of a phone I never received.Now they will have to refund the second charge for taxes and turnup of the second phone I never received.So I received a refund for the 110 usage bill for never using their service I guess it was for the privilege, never the less it was refunded.Then on 3/15/2024 I finally received a refund on the first phone order but still waiting on the second.I called on 3/20/2024 and got the run around from two off shore agents requested over and over a supervisor or on shore customer service then the rep (Al) disconnected the call while I was on hold for a supervisor, right!I called back another rep advised me the claim with T-Mobile was for the first phone no one had opened anything on the second phone. So now I must wait another 7 days for that claim.She asked if I wanted to close account, I said hell yes but not until I get my refund.I thought AT&T had bad CS until I dealt with T-Mobile, T-Mobile is the champion of bad CS."
"If you dont want your life ruined I would request you avoid Vodafone like plague go to any other network provider EE O2 3 none of them will be as bad as Vodafone and dont think Vodafone care for loyal customer i was a Vodafone customer for good 4-5 years but i made a mistake getting a phone through Vodafone i bought iphone15 pro max from Vodafone through carphone warehouse in November 2023 then i had a health issue and got diagnosed with ibd ulcerative colitis which turned my life upside down and my wife was 7 month pregnant even i wasn’t able to be with her when my baby was born my health was so bad that i had to fly overseas to get a surgery for my condition as it wasn’t getting controlled by medication then i lost a family member everything happened one after another when i finally felt better and came back to uk i see my contract being cancelled and  a default placed in my credit file that was the first time i ever received any correspondence from Vodafone i decided to register the complaint with them next day and after a week i got a call from Vodafone complaint team i offered to settle my payment in full and asked them to remove default from my credit file as I got a letter a day ago saying my credit file was marked default by Vodafone I told them my health situation and everything but they decided to act rogue and do whatever they want to do to your credit file they already marked late payment fee in to my credit file for good 6,7 month which i never asked to be changed but on top they put a default in my credit file and pass me to debt agency all i will request anyone thinking of signing up with Vodafone to avoid them like a plague as they dont care about the situation you are in they will get the money out of you and put you in a financial jail for good 6 years if you want to go through all this then you can go ahead otherwise avoid them like a plague as their complaint process is just for show and scam and nothing will be done and they will play with your life"
"Absolutely shocking that after 4 months of trying to get something very simple resolved. Nobody takes any notice, promises to call back do not happen, obstructive in contact, however, still send threatening emails. I will be sending all of the evidence of my contact to no avail over the last 4 months and Vodafone's inability to help and support their customer. Its ok for a customer to continue to try and get help and be put on hold time after time for a minimum of 15 minutes...still no resolution."
Received a late payment fee because their app wouldn't let me make a payment (infinite looping loading screen(. Live chat advisor told me they do not have the power to remove such a fee. That's predatory practices and I'll be changing provider immediately as I've never had a late payment before.Edit after reply : Vodafone don't care for customers they care about being paid. They just lost a long term loyal customer for life.
"Will never do business with t mobile again and will make sure everyone knows about our horrible experience. Not only was our coverage way worse than AT&T, but we also had a few customer services issues with them throughout our time. However, by far the worst was when we decided to leave them.Back story…when we decided to sign up with them they said “we’ll throw on a third line because there is a deal and it’s free anyways. You don’t ever have to use it but can if you decide down the line you’d like to” this was fine obviously. However when we cancelled we had forgotten about the third line and nobody mentioned it. The problem came when t mobile continued to charge us for our full bill…when we called they apologized and stated they would refund us. However the following month came around and we never received a refund and were charged AGAIN for a line we literally don’t even have active. Again we call and they apologized and finally refunded us the $280.This was until we were charged AGAIN…the people were never actually canceling the line. We went into the store and they now we’re saying we’d have to pay $140 for our “last month” again for a phone line we NEVER USED.We called again and nobody seems to want to resolve this despite telling us twice on the phone we would be refunded  and it was a mistake. To out of nowhere be like “you need to pay a last bill” after months of us contacting them is unacceptable.We will likely end up paying this bill for a phone line we never used.We absolutely without a doubt will never recommend t mobile to anyone and in fact we believe they will cheat you out of money anyway they can. Not worth it…definitely not worth it."
Wrong people to have service with. They abuse the options to make their time spent just for money not quality or better reviews my experience was bad refurbished devices has defective calibration and issues the service is bad not helpful to customer than lead to paying after ignoredNot worth to keep yes pay to get yourself away from their contact they are sick bad.
Worse customer service and always steals money from customers through overcharged bills
I signed up for Vodafone broadband on 30/11/2024 my activation date was 16/12/2024 and I'm still waiting for my broadband to activate I left ee contract early ee have now billed me £200 for leaving my contact early witch I would of never left ee if I would know Vodafone broadband could not connect me and the have a cheek to charge me for service £34 that still a it connected I've had to spend £68 for mobile broadband because I don't have eny home broadband very rubbish company sort it out Vodafone I want compansaion for all the stress and now I've had to go back to ee and I can't go back to ee tell the 7th January long time to wait
"Lousy phone company when they get you as a customer what they do is rob you for a garbage service, bad signal, bad data and lousy attention, over costs in the bills that even they do not know how to explain. Do not be robbed, there are many operators that for a fifth of what these mafiosos charge, they give you a quality service."
"AT&T service is the worst internet provider on the planet. My internet cable was cut Sept 6 at 9 AM. The earliest appointment was Sept 9 between 8 - 12 so I confirmed it. They did not show! I received text updates saying they are running late but never showed. I called twice for a status and was put on hold for 43 minutes the first time and 64 minutes the second time. They finally told me that due to the AT&T strike they did not assign my ticket to a technician and there was none available. But At 7 PM an AT&T technician arrived at the house directly across the street for a repair but he refused to fix my cable because my work ticket was not assigned to him and the customer service rep cannot assign a work ticket. There is a huge disconnect between the customer service department, the dispatcher and the technician. They are very inefficient and I the customer got screwed.Thank you AT&T… Your FIRED!"
Att has one of the worst international plans. They absolutely do not value their customers
"I hate AT&T they are a rip off,,,,There is to much compitition out therewe can switch to anyone better, want to charge me 55,00n to return a phone what a rip off,  just turn me into collections  i dont care tried to charge me 35$ connections fee"
"I have great respect for dedicated retail consultants, especially those I know working for AT&T/prime communications. However, after being lied to by customer service regarding her employment with the company and receiving no response following an apathetic apology from the Office of the President, despite submitting evidence of what I endured at the hands of one of their employees, I will never return as a customer.This employee’s harassment was severe. Her actions led to a severe sprain in my foot and ankle, resulting in lost wages since I couldn’t work for the rest of the season. She intentionally triggered flashbacks by slamming doors and confronting me at my door, putting me in fear for my life and my children’s safety. She even went so far as to make a false report with Child Protective Services.I eventually had to move because of her, yet she lied to the courts, stating that I was the reason for the delay in my relocation. When the actual reason was due to scheduling conflicts with inspections by the borough. She even conducted a background check on me—not for any service-related purpose, but to reach out to my ex and support him in court. She manipulated the judges, fully aware of my severe anxiety and status as a disabled veteran with a high mental health rating. She labeled me as “bipolar” to further discredit me, though I live with Borderline Personality Disorder, a deeply painful mental illness. I don’t just “switch off”; I hold onto these impacts for weeks, months, even years.If AT&T wants to recover their money, they’re pursuing the wrong person. I’ve endured more than enough, and this experience has made it clear I deserve far better.If there is any confusion, she was my neighbor. While this platform makes you out in a date, this had been going on since November of 2023."
The worst scamming company ever. Sold us 2 cheap phones for $120 whilst in America that did not work. When we asked for our money back after 24 hours they refused.
"Archie gave me false information, when it came to upgrading felt like I was a nuisance. Feel like the manager and Archie need training I asked if I upgraded could I pay the phone loan of as it’s interest free he said I had to wait 3 months which is not true at all he even asked the manager who provided the false info. This is not professional whatsoever? Also as I was speaking him and a fellow colleague kept looking at eachother felt all uncomfortable called customer service and upgraded basic information was not given. Not happy on the other hand 3 across the road was very helpful."
Apparently if you buy an Apple Watch with installment plan then you also have to pay for the watch to have a phone number for your calls/texts to come through and if you try to cancel the watch phone plan (not the installment payments) then they bill you for all of your remaining installment payments at once as well.
This people are real thief’s  !  They sent me an email with an offer and their representative told me to wait a few days to take up on the offer ( maybe he didn’t want to do it at that moment) and to call back on Monday to get that taken care of. I spend all day Monday calling ATT and just kept getting transfer from place to place to than be told that the offer had expired  and there was nothing they could do about it. Even tho I missed the offer because their own employee provided me with the wrong information. This company does not look out for the long time costumer all they care about is the money. This will be the last month I spend with them.
"I have been a customer for at least 25 years. And have always been happy with them until yesterday. I went in to buy my granddaughter a phone which I raise. And noticed tax was way higher than it should of been, So I questioned it. They said its a one time activation fee of 35 added. I said since when! This is my phone number that I've had for years and we are switching the sim card over. And so the argument began. I will also mention I haven't worked in months because I've been busy fighting cancer. So I had to get in my bill money and take out the other money. This is nonsense. My husband and I both need new phones too. But they just lost two sales. I am going back to buying off of market place or Craigslist. Very very disappointed in this practice that started last year. And the lady waiting on me said it's always been that way! Wrong! I said I can't wait to get my survey when I leave the store. And for the first time ever they did not send me one."
Will leave ATT ASAP. Customer service wanted to debate with me on what kind of ATT store I went to vs fix the root problem which is the information that their stores put out inaccurately. If a store has a big ATT sign it represents the company. Regular end-users do not know if they are contacted or corporate nor should it matter they should give out accurate information. They all told me my day pass for international would cap at 10 days but apparently this is not so for first net.
"One might guess that the Customer ""Service"" folks at T-Mobile CHAT....or the phone employees...are taught to LIE and make promises that none of them follow thru on."
"I think Vodafone is the most awful company I have ever felt with. I can’t even express how much pain and stress this company has caused me. How they treat their customers is vile. I have been trying to leave Vodafone for a month. I know I won’t be the only person having this trouble! I have spent hours on the phone to them getting me nowhere. Sending me around and around in circles. I’m on the app, following their directions finally to ‘switch to another network’ and that option is nowhere to be seen on my app. My whole family has had problems with them. Whatever you do DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!! They will keep adding charges to your bill, they don’t listen to you, they pass your around to 100 different people on the phone and leave you feeling sick for the rest of the day and quite literally not let you leave the company. I thinks it’s absolutely disgusting how they have treated me and don’t want this to happen to someone else."
Haven’t had proper reception for 2 months spoke to someone called Rajit in customer services was racist and condescending. Will b leaving this network
Negative 5 star review.   Was sold insurance and told at time of purchase of free phone replacement 4years later 20 amonth and a surprise 300 dollar for the free replacement phone.   Or I can upgrade from 300 for a worse model or 700.  Terrible scam
"I have been waiting for AT&T to install my internet service for one week, they keep postponing the installation, I work remotely, I already lost one week of work, I’m not going to get paid 😞, they have been postpone 4th times the appointment for the installation 😡 unfortunately AT&T is the only internet service allowed in this community. So disappointed with this company."
"I opted for vodaphone broadband in sept and a router arrived on 24 with fibre install due on 8th Oct , then I had a txt saying there was a delay but then I heard nothing, I've email and chatted only to be be cutoff I'm disgusted with Thier cust service.Finally got through to chat line only to get told I didn't have an order in so I sent web reg and was told the install date was lost so had to book another which can't help done till 1 nov as BT are involved, I've complained to Vodafone phone as I'm now on full price with previous provider.I will persist until I can get a date then access if I continue with this awful company"
I posted a review here earlier but it seems that no person was able respond and the troubles remain outstanding. The trouble is that Vodafone fails to offer email contact address to resolve problems. Thus once it had your bank details it ignores what you say and just latches on to milk your account.
"First off, was lied to about a promo deal. The guy who opened our account in the store said the promo came with 2 phones, 2 tablets and a galaxy watch absolutely free. Told him we didnt want the tablets or watch and he said the price  was barely lower without so we should take the promo.  He drew out a plan and said our total amount was $206 including taxes and that would never increase. Realized when we got home that we were charged to activate the tablets and watch. We knew we were paying phone activation fees but were never explained to that we had to pay activation fees for the 3 items we didnt even want to begin with. Tried to take the tablets and watch back the next day and same guy was there, along with the manager who was very unfriendly and unapologetic, and was told we can return them but need to pay a restocking fee and also our promo deal would not be valid anymore and the price would go up so it was in our best interest to keep the devices we didnt want. So we did. Few days later, the bill on my account was $251 so we called customer service.  She didnt know why it was that amount.  Then my husband put in for the first responder discount and auto pay discount and she said the bill would lower to $135 within 1 to 3 days. It did not. Called CS again and the girl said the first responder discount went through and now our bill would be $224 monthly. Asked to talk to manager because the price was higher than we were quoted...and come to find out , phones werent free. We have to pay monthly for them. And the tablets and watch services are also  not included in that ""promo"" price we were quoted. He said we had to go back to the store if  we wanted to return the devices and would be charged those restock fees but we would qualify for a better discount. So all in all, we will have paid close to $200 in activation and restocking fees for 3 devices we clearly told the 1st guy we didnt want. We will have nothing to show for it but wasted time, aggravation,  and $200 wasted as well. Once our contract is up, we will be leaving tmobile for good and i would NEVER recommend anyone go there, especially the lanoka harbor nj store. No one is held accountable for giving us false info, or straight out lies even. Talked to 3 reps on the phone, one a manager, and 3 reps in store, also including one manager. Every representative had a different answer to give and gives you the run around on who to talk to so you go in circles calling CS and going back to the store. They are a disgusting company with incompetant liars for employees!Edit: just went to the corporate store in toms river nj and the employees and manager were very helpful, and apologetic for what happened in the other store. They got us on the plan we originally wanted and did their best to refund what they could. I recommend going to that store if any one ever wants to deal with t mobile"
"I recently contacted Vodafone to change my number due to an ex partner constantly calling me off withheld on my previous number everything got changed and I was told it's gone through. At 9pm last night I get a notification that I can not use my phone for any inbound or outbound calls, I contact Vodafone who say that due to a fraud investigation I would not be able to use my phone for 7 days for either incoming or outgoing calls. I'm a carer for a vulnerable adult family member and Vodafone have caused extreme stress doing this last night I was filled with worry that my family member may need to contact me and as Vodafone have blocked everything they wouldn't be able to get through and I wouldn't be able to help them this has caused so much stress for me and my family, I havent slept all night and when I called Vodafone they hung up on me after i explained everything then got through to another agent, who wouldn't allow me to speak to a manager and shrugged it off that it'll take 7 days. I NEED MY PHONE FOR AT LEAST INCOMING CALLS SO I CAN SUPPORT A VULNERABLE FAMILY MEMBER. Awful service I will be raising this to the Financial ombudsman and FCA!!!!!!!!!!"
Customer service was very rude. The conversation went in circles.  The conversation was so rude. I asked for a recording of the conversation and was denied access to it.  But it was mention at the beginning of the phone call that it was recorded for different purposes.  Well I would like to turn this conversation over to the CEO of T-Mobile my phone call was not handled properly and if something isn't done about. I'm taking my actions to someone else.
"Worst customer service! They had a problem with our internet, it took from 1/9/24 until today 1/26/24 to finally get service. It took a change of a modem and we were supposed to make another trip to get a second modem today but there is a snowstorm so we didn’t go. During the last hour, service magically came back on. We spoke to them as we have many, many times this month and they would not give us a refund on this month’s bill. So instead of 300 gb, we were only able to use 23 gb, but they still wanted full payment! After my husband spoke with them, they gave us $40 off our bill and told us it was the best their manager could allow because they didn’t know if we would use a thousand gb tonight! So $93.57 for this month of 23gb. Terrible customer service! We are looking to switch."
"Customer service awful!Have been shifted around 5 times, hung up on twice - and now waiting for a callback to attempt to cancel service!  Looking for a new provider for my business next!"
"I am an extremely frustrated customer. AT&T’s internet service has been incredibly disappointing. I’ve had to call them about 20 times, and each time, I get transferred to different departments without any resolution. They’ve told me my account is too complicated to handle, and as a result, my internet was cut off.I came home from work on Friday to find that my internet was disconnected. I called AT&T immediately, but despite their assurances that they were glad to help, nothing got resolved. Instead, I was passed around like a hot potato between departments. I spent nearly 7 hours on the phone with them, from 4 PM to 11 PM, only to be told they couldn’t help me and that I’d have to wait until Monday for the Sales department to reopen in their business hours.What’s worse is that I did speak with the Sales department during my initial call, but they transferred me to another department. After 7 hours that, I was told I needed to go back to Sales again. This is the worst service I’ve ever experienced, especially when I was already exhausted from work.I’m really want to changing my internet provider, but unfortunately, my apartment has a contract with AT&T, so I’m stuck. I’ve already expressed my concerns to the apartment management, urging them to cut ties with AT&T. They left me without internet for the entire weekend, which is unacceptable."
"What's wrong? Everything is wrong with tmobile.  They are liers and don't care about YOU, The customer.  Sell junk such as Rvvls that they suppose to upgrade from my iPhone."
We have been with att for 28 yrs. My recent disappointment in service has lead us to leave your company. Please feel free to review our account for all the details and concerns we have had it's a book long.The biggest concern is no communication skills.I bought my self a new ph last July for my birthday it came the wrong ph the wrong color . Att says no worries the store will exchange it .... no that did not happen. My pain continues with finding out today I still owe over 500.00 for this ph that was a 800.00 exchange well I had surgery and did not respond to a text message that kicked me out of the promotion. I will share this on every forum available 28 yrs of loyalty means nothing . I remember when your reps would say ...How Can I Make YouA Very Satisfied Customer. Long ago. But my advice to att is you need to hire (Well Slow SpokenKind Respectful people)
"The tall, white man told me that there was a free trade-in and I wouldn’t have to pay anything because there was a promotion. But when I returned to the shop, they told me there actually wasn’t any promotion and I would have to pay."
I would give them 0 stars if I couldI have had alot of problems with this poor serviceI call and call and get told that the service will be fixed and it is not fixed and there's times I can't even get through to them to report my phone not workingWas told it was my phone and may need to upgrade to another oneI took my phone to be checked and it is not my phoneIt is there service !!!I am over this company and will never do business with them again!!!
My son just shipped out to boot camp for the marines.  i was told when i set up his account that i could reduce his rate while he was gone by simply calling after he left.  i called and was told that boot camp did not qualify for a reduced rate.  only active duty and INCARCERATED PERSONS!  so basically what AT&T is telling me is that a CONVICTED FELON has more priority as a customer than a military recruit.  way to be behind your country AT&T
They made me wait 2 weeks for broadband to be installed. Told me the engineer was installing my BB but never shown up. Now I'm told I have to wait another 9 days without BB and when trying to find out what happened I have been transferred to 6 different departments and nobody will help.They don't care about service/customers just try and move you about rather than fixing issues.Appalling service cancelling straight away!
I tried to sign up with T-Mobile and their website is glitchy and their sales reps aren't helpful at all. Horrible first impression.
"Overall bill has gone up $40 in the last year with no discernible change in service. Called “customer service” to ask why and was on the phone for 40 minutes with a rep who was clueless, barely spoke English, and eventually hung up on me. Choose another provider if you can."
At&t has the absolute worst customer service on earth there automated system is the worst on earth they need to go back to hiring real people because they system sucks I would give them a minus zero if it was available. I will be switching my services
AT And T is a scam company.  Told bill would be cheaper than Verizon.  Almost triple now.  Run from this company while possible.  Nothing was explained properly.   Turned in old phone like was told.  Did not get any credit like I was told I would
Had to call customer service multiple times on a Sunday night. Sunday night CS calls are evidently sent over seas. I could hear EVERYTHING  going on in the background. Sounded like they were watching a soccer game or celebrating a birthday. On the 3rd call I found someone  that could help me. I had to resort to calling because the chat is a bot and completely useless. I just got a new iPhone. Probably should've given Verizon a try this time although I doubt that would be much different. I'll wait until Monday for support to avoid the offshore call center
"I am incredibly disappointed with the abysmal customer service from AT&T Fiber. After being a loyal customer with an account in good standing for years, I encountered a situation where my credit card had to be replaced due to fraudulent activity. This caused a slight delay in payment—completely out of my control. Despite explaining the situation to their customer service, I was hit with a one-time late fee.You would think that after years of reliable payments, AT&T would show some flexibility or basic human understanding. But instead, their customer service was rude, dismissive, and completely unwilling to help. They refused to reverse the fee, even though I explained that the delay was due to a situation involving fraud, something I had no control over.Rather than appreciate a long-time customer or even show empathy for an obvious and honest mistake, AT&T treated me like just another number. The customer service reps were condescending, cold, and seemed more interested in enforcing rigid policies than providing any actual service. This level of treatment is shocking, especially from a company that claims to care about its customers.If AT&T Fiber is willing to treat loyal, long-standing customers this poorly, I can only imagine the experience for everyone else. They clearly value squeezing a few extra dollars over treating people fairly or maintaining customer relationships. Stay far away if you expect any decency or customer care."
after many years of having att i feel that they are not loyal to long time customers. after i cancelled their service i was than offered a much lower option with fiber. also sending their equipment back so not to be charged 150 dollar fee is really hard. i had to call them several times before i got them to send me a fedex package to send it back. i am glad i found a local company that offered me fiber at a lower price
"Very me rewards is not rewarding, been a lifelong customer and have never won or received anything, it's a wind up and a waste of time, makes me want to cancel every time I see, Sorry not this time, total rubbish and insulting to loyal customers."
I have had ATT mobile service for 2 years. I signed up through SAM'S Club. The account was set up using the wrong phone number. I have contacted ATT several times to correct it and was assured that it was correct. I have been working with ATT for 3 days now to correct this. This is desperately needed due to I can not make any updates to my account because they need to verify it's me by sending the code to this incorrect phone number. Well that protects ATT but doesn't help me. Today after going through this vicious circle again I had the smart idea to contact the Escalation department to be told that according to a supervisor these accounts setup via Sam's Club are no longer supported. I will be canceling all accounts as they come up for contract renewal.  I have had some type of account with ATT since 1977. They have now fallen to a state for which I don't see them recovering. No support or care for their customers is as low as they can go.
"I am beyond frustrated with AT&T's customer service. They seem to be deliberately delaying everything, making even the simplest tasks unnecessarily difficult. No matter what issue I have, it takes forever to get a resolution. The lack of communication and helpfulness from their support team is infuriating. It feels like they don't care about their customers at all. The culture at AT&T seems focused on creating obstacles rather than finding solutions. I would not recommend this company to anyone based on my experience. They make everything harder than it should be."
Doesn’t even deserve a 1 star. Absolutely dreadful customer service that sends you around in circles and customer service reps in India hanging up the phone on you.
"I had a T-Mobile money account, just to lower by bill.,lil throw card. Put 500.00 on the card for gas. Fast food. Entertainment. Never used the card. Forgot about it. I happen to check my spam from stuff piled up. I seen I had the account. Somehow lost the card along the way. Chargers were obviously made miles away from me. All online. Account was comprised during the data breach. Froze my account and no refund. Customer service is rude as pucks"
At&t has to be the most garbage phone service out of all them. I never have service anywhere. I'm a truck driver and I can't play my game on the network because it don't work nowhere it lies and says it's 5g but only cover 10% of the country sorry ass service but have the nerve to charge an arm and leg for service. Metro PCS has better service than this sorry ass service I'm switching back to tmobile at least they work mostly everywhere I go. I'm always dropping calls or losing signal everyday even in major cities. I don't recommend them for anything
I paid off 2 lines to save money and my other lines monthly payments increased. The extra charges that they don’t tell you about it’s outrageous.
"I've been with Vodafone Broadband for 7 years, and I'm amazed so many people say their customer service is good. It's not.I've moved home and have switched to a different supplier. Vodafone have NOT made it easy for me to cancel my old connection and are still sending me bills every month.I have been out of contract for well over a year and have been on a rolling payment in tht time.I've moved out and no longer need it. How difficult can this be?!Live Chat was terrible (with an AI bot), so I called instead. I explained the problem to the man on the phone, and he hung up.So I sent a letter, along with the return of the equipment, which explained the above and stated that the service should be cancelled.Still they keep sending the bills and still they haven't closed the account.I will never use anything to do with Vodafone again. Terrible experience.The company I'm now with is Airband and so far, so good. The monthly cost is less, the speed is much faster and there are no price hikes for the duration of the contract, which is very different from the yearly price hikes with Vodafone."
"Honestly, I completely regret switching from T-mobile to AT&T. I made the mistake of switching my whole family from T-mobile to AT&T after being approached by an employee in a Target by my house. He promised things would be cheaper, we could all upgrade our phones, etc- I fell into wanting the newest iPhone I guess. So we all switched over in July of 2023 and let me tell you- don't freaking to do it. We have had more issues with our phone service through ATT this year than we EVER had with T-mobile, and we were with T-mobile for over 10 years. From calls just straight up not going through for NO reason, terrible coverage compared to T-mobile, the constant outages and privacy breaches UGH. I'm so mad at myself for switching over. I can't tell you how many times I've not been able to do the simplest things like pulling up directions or something just to not be able to do it because of an outage or poor service. NEVER happened with T-mobile. Also got talked into adding another line and getting another iPhone, bringing my husband onto our plan- ANOTHER BIG MISTAKE! I was straight up LIED TO by the representative regarding the price increase on our bill- and when I called customer service to complain and see what we could do- the woman I spoke with literally said ""I don't know what you want me to do"" and ""so what are you going to do?"" MA'AM you are in customer service, fix the freaking problem!! It's not MY job to solve these issues. It's yours?! Anyway. Worst company and service ever. If you're thinking about switching over don't do it. Oh also we had internet service through them and we moved, they don't service our area so I cancelled, and then was called by them to ask why I cancelled and how they could get me back (LOL)- I told them they don't service the place where I'm moving and they double checked (waste of my time) only to tell me oh yeah no we don't. Then kept freaking calling me and emailing me like WE MISS YOU PLEASE COME BACK TO YOUR INTERNET PLAN. Like come on, communicate w each other and leave me the heck alone. Funny how they don't want to help when you have issues but when they want to sell you something you can't get rid of them. Anyway- I guess this has been built up for some time but again came up today as I tried to return my mom's phone call only for it not to go through THREE TIMES. No voicemail or anything. Just a message saying that this number can't take calls right now. HELLO? But she got my texts just fine. WILD. You are the worst ATT :) ALSO sorry last thing! I would cancel and leave them in the dust but absolutely don't want to put my family through switching plans and phones and everything again. It was such an annoying process that I regret putting them through once, I don't want to do that to them again! k bye"
Keep and switch is a scam. I was told by the representative when I purchased the phone that I was eligible for a promo credit. After completing the application I was denied because the information was entered incorrectly. The rep said she would reenter and to check my status again in 30 days.  Denied again.  Called customer service and they told me that it was denied due to a duplicate that said it had already been awarded. It was escalated to another team to fix and I’m still waiting. I submitted the original request on 8/15. It’s now 10/15 and TMobile can’t seem to fix this issue that is with their own system. Their customer service team just consistently apologizes but they haven’t been able to do anything. I will continue to call until this is resolved but rest assured I won’t be telling anyone to use TMobile. $750 later.  Maybe I’ll eventually get my $$$. Think twice before switching.
I have had three Galaxy s22 on my account for well over 2 years. I elected to get the extended warranty when I bought them. Never had a claim. Recently the battery on one of them started failing. I called AT&t and they sent me to their agent asurion. That was 10 days ago. Nightmare ever since. First they wanted to send me over 60 miles away to a tech center. I live in metropolitan Orlando. I refused and asked AT&t to intercede. They did and asurion agreed to send a tech to my home to replace the battery. Never showed up. I called again. Asurion said the appointment was canceled because they didn't have the part. Said they would probably be getting new batteries and I should sign in and check every day to see if a battery is in. I said why don't you call me when you get it. They said it doesn't work that way. There is much more craziness to this story but I won't bore you with the details. AT&t needs to do a better job of picking their agents
"I’ve been a loyal AT&T customer, but recent experiences with customer service have been disappointing. After four calls in 48 hours, my issue remains unresolved due to outsourced support teams that struggle with language barriers and lack familiarity with my concerns. Cutting costs shouldn’t come at the expense of effective communication and customer satisfaction. I’m now considering other providers who prioritize clear, efficient support."
I would rather not comment it.We’re going backwards…
"As an existing broadband customer I assumed it would be easy to add a couple of sim only mobile plans, how wrong I was! Thought it would be easy using the live chat, After wasting my time with the useless digital assistant, was supposedly transferred to chat with an actual person, ended up in a queue , and eventually just gave up . Totally useless !"
"These guys are just charging late fees. There is no good connection anywhere.  From when they have taken over The supervisor Andrew operating as he said from Oregon should not be put in front of clientsHe should be given a salary and a desk jobHe is  hostile, not concerned about customer relations at all"
The client service is ridiculous.I couldn’t even apply.I don’t recommend.I wasted more than 30 minutes of my life for nothing.Search for another provide.I will be happier.
"I've moved from a different broadband over to Vodafone and ever since, I've been having a lot of problems which were either, not being able to connect to the Internet or a very slow Internet speed. On top of all this, it will randomly decide to drop out and disconnect from the device I'm using. Would recommend not choosing Vodafone."
"A T&T came into our Lilburn neighborhood and dug up our yards, leaving them looking like a war zone. We are having to water them in this 90+ degree Georgia heat to try to get them back to the way they looked before they barged in. I have been holding on the phone now for 35:07 minutes waiting to speak with someone about this. My water bill went up 150% because of this. I spoke with a worker who took pictures of my yard but to date I have not heard from anyone. I know about imminent domain. I guess this is one of those cases where we get screwed because of large corporate interests."
"Switched to Vodafone in May, called several times regarding the connection as it constantly drops out and buffers me and my partner both work from home so we need a broadband with good connectivity. Keep getting told to do something with the box to ‘troubleshoot’ it which doesn’t change the connection. Wont allow us to cancel without paying an exit fee even tho we are paying for a service we are not receiving. The ‘customer care’ team are not helpful and don’t allow you to speak to management or raise a complaint. Avoid."
"I did very big mistake joint to Vodafone,  now I don't have Internet and they say take until 16 December,  realy damaged my business,  and no compensation nothing and they charge me even I haven't got service,  please don't joint Vodafone badest service I had for ever"
"AT&T is horrible, they lie just to get you in then they jerk you around with your service and your payments. You will never know from month to month what you owe on occasion there will be $50-$100 bill increases with no change to your plan or usage. One person will assure you of one thing while something entirely different will be the outcome and then you are stuck with it. I have been stuck with them for nearly 4 horribly miserable years. DO NOT GO TO AT&T."
Customer service is a joke!!!!! A Bot….then a call centre who leave you hanging on the phone until you hang off. Attempted for 2 weeks to get an issue resolved. Totally totally useless - AVOID
"I spoke with William about getting a new phone and I wasn't eligible for an upgrade and then he said, if I opened up a third line, I would be paying the same price as I am for 2 lines so I did, and he told me that if I buy a phone off eBay an S7 Edge, I could get a Samsung. S24 ultra for free and he even helped me find it on eBay. I've been trying to get ahold of the back office, but they still won't get back with me all of the customer services doing is give me a run around. I did talk to the loyal department and all they are doing. Is giving me a run around too? They even took $436 out of my account for no reason. And they wouldn't even refund it. If anyone is trying to get a phone from AT&T for business, I would not recommend it customer service sucks."
We have been double charged insurance for our phones. We asked for a credit for the thousands we paid over the last few years and they only want to give us $100.I wonder how many customers they are currently taking advantage of. ATT is making millions from fraudulent charges.
"Had a plan for $60 a month with no price increase if I went paperless. I pay my bill on-line. Went on-line to pay this month and my bill jumped to $65 with no explanation. When I finally got a hold of a representative, she said I could get my original price if I gave my bank account information or a credit card number. I told her they were breaking their agreement. She said once I start paying the $65, my rate won’t go up…until they want to do this again! Oh, and they did this during a hurricane! I haven’t had service since 9/26/24!Take a snap shot of their offers for verification or get a contract! I’m not sure if either of those will help, but just know they're not sticking to their offers!"
Unbelievably bad. Tried to do a simple transfer of billing responsibility to move off my sister’s account. My sister completed the TOBR and I was told twice that it was completed. But no transfer. Called for the 4th time and customer service now says they cannot see the TOBR and I will have to start the process for the third time. Absolutely ridiculous.  Total wast of my time (3hours!!). Hopefully three times is the charm. Do better ATT!!!!!!!
"My name is John Walker, and I’m writing on behalf of my 72 year old father.Long story short! After learning that my dad was overpaying for his mobile service provided by Vodafone, I searched for a better (cheaper) deal. I picked up a Lebara SIM card for him and asked him to get a PAC code from Vodafone. When speaking to the Vodafone rep via web chat, he really didn’t seem interested in retaining my dads business and when he was asked for the PAC code he asked which network my dad would be switching to. When he was told Lebara, the rep told my dad that Lebara use the Vodafone network and that he could not transfer his Vodafone number to his new Lebara sim, the rep said this a few times. I told my dad that I thought this is nonsense and to insist on getting the PAC code and then switch the number using the Lebara website, the rep gave my dad the PAC code. My dad then put the details of the Lebara phone number, his Vodafone phone number, the PAC code and the date that he wanted the number transfer to occur into Lebaras website, and we said let’s see what happens. The number transfer happened as requested, there was no problem at all!Why did Vodafone blatantly lie to my dad and tell him that he couldn’t keep his number? I consider this entrapment and fraudulent behaviour! It’s also cheating a pensioner out of his pension and it’s a bear faced lie! All to try to trick my dad into staying with Vodafone and charging him more for an inferior mobile package. Utterly disgraceful and disgusting behaviour from Vodafone!"
"Att was never our first choice for internet. We thought it would be better than spectrum, and our apartment complex only offered the two choices.The equipment sent to us, was meant as a self set up. It did not work. Not when I did it myself, or when I had tech support on the phone. First available appointment  for a technician was a week after I got it.Fine.Tell me why the appointment I set durring the time window I was able to be present, was canceled?I was not contacted, I was not told why.One day, I was using text confirmation, the next I was told they missed my appointment and I needed to reschedule. The next available appointment was 3ish weeks out.Set into the next month, after they'd have billed me for the first month of internet I never had a chance to use.I canceled Att and started with spectrum, had it set up less than 24 hours later.It doesn't end there. Because even though I've canceled Att, never got to use the service, and have returned all equipment in a timely manner; Att still auto payed what would have been the monthly fee from my account.The customer service representatives are very nice.The service is not very good.Their infrastructure for matanaince in my area is not very good. And I'd say their customer service on matanaince is also not very good, since I was never even given a courtesy call when the appointment was canceled.And, their systems are garbage, if my service was canceled and I was still somehow charged a phantom bill after being told they would not charge me.Do better Att :/"
"If I could give 0 stars, I would. I have been a loyal customer for decades. I had the UVerse bundle and called customer service because I was having computer disconnect, TV streaming would freeze and you would get kicked off of your tablet or phone multiple times daily. The AT&T customer service person told me he was going to get me set up with Spectrum because in my area AT&T cannot offer the bandwidth/speed I need for multiple people & devices. I asked the agent if I called AT&T or Spectrum and he said AT&T. So in Jan 24 I received the Spectrum router & modem. In Feb 24 I set up the spectrum account totally remotely and then sent the AT&T equipment back via UPS. I didn’t think anything of it and recently looked through my bank statement and found I have been getting charged $71/month from AT&T. Elsa, the supervisor I eventually spoke with because I felt they should refund every penny they have been taking since I returned their equipment told me:1. You didn’t call to disconnect service (what the hell is the return of equipment??? A continuation??)2. There is no way I could have had Spectrum set up remotely from my home, I would have had to have a Spectrum service person at my house….bullcrap, I still have the remote set up instructions they sent with the equipment next to my spectrum router.3. Even though they take the money directly from my checking account, they will send me a 1 month refund on a prepaid Visa….hmmmm, you had no problem taking it out, but you don’t wanna put it back4. And yeah, a 1 month refund because I didn’t ‘call to disconnect.’ I also didn’t call to get a Spectrum account, it was their employee who recommended it…. Sent back their freaking equipment and if they interrogate my wifi, they can see I have not used it in months. Just wanted service without so many disruptions.So dissatisfied on so many levels. I’m looking to change my cellphone service provider and I will never go back. AT&T stinks and they are not good faith actors."
"Placed a Broadband Order, Got Confirmation for install this Friday(Order Placed 2 Weeks ago). tried to track delivery of Router but was told that the order was cancelled and they didn't know why. Useless customer service and next available date of install is 19 November, won't do that now as they might mysteriously cancel it"
"Just had a chat to passive aggressive, condescending 'AL'. (Only goes by one name has no first or surname)."
"I called ATT help desk. I should’ve have 16 GB 300 dollars payment for a year. They said that I have 8 G 300 dollars. When I did it, I choice 16G not 8. It was their fault to put me on 8G. If you check their website, they have 16G 300 dollars, they didn’t help me to change it to 16 GB. They told me that you will loss all months in your plan if you changed. That is so so so stupid."
AT&T is the worst phone service ever they don’t give a damn about there customers
"I have now been a Vodafone broadband customer for just over 2 weeks. In that time my broadband has been dropping out regularly. This never happened with my previous supplier. I have been in touch with their technical support team throughout and, although everyone I have spoken with has been friendly and has appeared helpful, the problem remains. I have spent hours on the phone and have also waited at home for promised call backs that didn’t happen. The matter is ongoing, but I have already made the decision to switch to a different supplier; in the hope of receiving a better standard of service.UPDATE - Vodafone have now admitted they cannot identify or resolve the problem with my broadband. Apparently sending out an engineer to take a look is not an option. So another week with unreliable broadband, that I have already paid for, before my switch. My case has now apparently been passed to the ‘resolutions’ team. Although I was promised an email confirming this, and including my case reference, that has not arrived !"
This company is a liar and dishonest and has no honor in business. They said that I could upgrade my phone for free and would only have to pay an $11 difference to get a 512GB phone since my previous phone was 128GB. Then after a month they discounted it over the phone and I will not be able to cancel the contract because they set me to pay in 36 installments. My experience with this company was very unpleasant because I felt like an idiot for trusting this unscrupulous company.
"Ive had to make so many more calls, im just talking about 1 specific day here, but i made 3 calls and had to just hang uo was so frustrating. And on the 4th call the lady was finally willing to help me about my POOR service and she ended up sending me something and after that my service was good. I asked if it would stay like that she said yes of course. But then the next month, i told them prior i needed to change day i can pay to my pay day, and so after these calls and fixing my service i got charged on the 3rd or 4th so i called about it and asked why so early we agreed on the 14th she said oh that starts next month. So considering i paid that month i thought ""ok i paid this month and the day i pay changes next month"" but no i guess i had to pay for something they probably made up and the same month on the 14th it tried charging me again. At that point i obviously didnt save enough thinking i paid that month. Now after missing that payment my service is even worse then it was at the start. They have great service, but not willing to share it"
"I’ve never left a review in my life but after being on the phone with AT&T for 70ish hours In 2 months over the same issue THAT ATT CAUSED I feel like I need to leave a review for the rest of the world to know!ATT has blacklisted my son’s phone bc of their screw up and my son has been without a phone for two months and no one seems to have enough sense to fix it. I have been with ATT for 25 plus years and have 8 lines, home internet, 4 I pads, 2 watches and my whole business is on ATT and I still can’t get anything done. I’m currently on the phone with att on hold and have been for two hours which is why I have plenty of time to write this review. If anyone is looking into getting anything ATT please do yourself a favor and reconsider. I’m to the point I would rather send smoke signals then give this dump another penny of my money!Scott WUpdate: so after two insurance claims (250.00 each) i finally had to buy a new 1500.00 dollar phone and had to get my son a new number the problem is “fixed”! 2,000.00 dollars later my sons phone works bc they couldn’t fix what they screwed up."
"AT&T customer service is horible. I just wanted to upgrade my internet and 3 hours later it was done. I thought the equipment came in and it wouldn't work, frustrated I cancelled the new service and stayed where  i was.Now I am trying again and I have been passed to 3 reps and 2 hours later still no where. AT&T you need to fix your issues. Im going to verizon ot T mobile, they can't SUCK this bad.Scott H"
Awaiting the essential broadband team to contact me!
I have been extremely disappointed with this service. I was told I qualified for certain phones. And just to pick them up from the store.  The store said I didn't qualify and I ended up with crappy phones that get hot. Then I get my first bill for 47.00. The second bill went to 470. 00. Then when I could not pay that they added a 200 disconnect fees on it. Despite me calling and making arrangements and being told that I would be fine. Oh did I mention that on my bill there were like 7 lines and services that I never asked for or received. Still didn't take those off or the reconnect fees or the late fees. Then they had it setup on days that I didn't get paid on. Then when I call and try and explain to them why I am unhappy they never resolve anything. I was with atnt for years. My bill was the same 75 a month. With tmobil I get 3 bills a month. And I could continue for ever. Worst service ever. They even charge u for customer service. Wow. Unbelievable.
"I bought a smart bike tracker GPS from them for £65. They have now discontinued the service, so I possibly have the most expensive bike light—thanks to Vodafone. = Regret."
"Switched to Vodaphone some years ago, and seemed to be nothing but problems.Regularly had trouble with my phone signal, after eventually getting through to support, they refused to accept the issue was on their end.  Swapping the sim card out, even replacing the phone, would not fix the issue.  When I would point out the various dead zones where the signal was poor at best, non-existent most of the time, they would refuse to say there was an issue (In spite of their own maps showing the area in question having poor/limited connections)Only had them call me on a few rare occasions, first was when my original contract was up, to inform me of changes to my pricing due to not being on a fixed contract.  Only found out a month later when looking at other providers, that they had decided to stick me onto a new fixed contract without any confirmation, and calls to get this fixed were met with a 'not our problem' attitude, meaning I was forced to stay with them, or be forced to pay a max of £400 to end the contract early.Next time they would call was when that contract was coming to an end.  Made sure to inform them that I didnt want to renew the contract and would be going to another provider, which was then met with a condescending, brattish attitude from the sales rep who tried to rely on scare tactics by warning about all the things I'd loose access to.The final set of times was after I have moved to a new provider.  Despite already being a few weeks into a contract with a new mobile service, they have repeatedly tried to offer me upgrades to my old contract, or incentives to rejoin.  Doesnt matter how much I say no, or say exactly why I dont want to rejoin, they refuse to take no for an answer, and kept trying to call back until I was forced to block their number.Absolutely worthless service that hides behind the lie of being the nations 'number 1 provider' while offering a poor service, terrible support, and dodgy chages to your contracts without any input from you."
"I've been with ATT for 20 years and they think nothing of loyalty and will not work with you on your payments. I have one line and pay over $100 every month. Service is lacking, signal sucks everywhere and I think I stayed with them over a bad habit than anything. Do not give these people one penny of your hard earned money. There are too many other companies that offer better service and plans. As soon as I get this phone paid off I'm out!"
Over an hour on chat with a useless bot and then an agent who appeared unable to do anything except ask the same questions over and over.
"Their service socks. I'm a prior customer of Sprint and since they took over the service has went down. I have had to call them every day this week about me not being able to have a conversation with people cause my lines keep breaking u or they can't hear me at all. Still nothing is being done. Sending a new phone, but it's not the phone, it's in their towers. Told me at first they were working on the towers, then they had completed the work, but it's still happening. I tried a phone with AT&T service and it works perfect. Been with them over 20 years. Bout time to find another provider."
"AT&T has to be one of the worst cell phone providers to be. I’ve currently been with AT&T well over four years and I’ve started having issues with service. Now I did change addresses, which I notified them and they’re claiming the reason for my issues is because I’m near a large body of water. But that can’t be true because I can go anywhere and still have the same issue where I’m not able to make phone calls, receive phone calls, send text, and receive text. Even the Internet would not work. I told AT&T this and they said well there’s nothing we can do. We already get a lot of complaints from your area already. And that came from a manager. So once I pay off anything I have with AT&T. I will be heading out as fast as I can and never looking back. I advise anyone who is thinking of going to AT&T to definitely , DO NOT USE AT&T."
"Vodafone Internet is a joke. Sometimes pages not loading in city centers with full 4g.Moved to Vodafone as apparently they have better coverage indoors, they don't.Don't waste your money with this carrier as it's rubbish."
"Charger wears quickly so that connection is loose and hard to charge as plug keeps coming out of hole. Also on this year old galaxy phone, the earbud connection doesn't work anymore so you can't hear audio through earbuds. Tried three different sets of earbuds"
Was contacted by a T mobile business rep. Said they could lower our bill. Instead they open 3 accounts and triple billed us. Called customer service repeatedly but tge barely English speaking reps couldn’t help because there business rep. opened accounts. The internet barely worked. Horrible company. I left for Verizon and never got our money back.
This monopoly allows consumers information to be stolen and shared all across the black web allowing your bank accounts to hacked and drained then at the detriment of the poor customer demands payment after they access 2 payments from your account in the same month. Slows down service because you demand accountability for the transactions on your account but you are nobody so there will be no accountability. Class action suits are not the formula to provide accountability there needs to be something done to protect & prevent . I’m just a disabled veteran trying to survive only on a monthly income.  My account was hacked giving way for my banking account to be accessed and drained. But do you think AT&T cares about a customer that has been loyal over 2 decades:. They don’t!!
"I am relatively new to AT&T, but I regret signing up with the company. I have to consistently call in to resolve the same issues repeatedly. I am not sure if their associates lack competence or not. I am getting sick and tired of having to re-verify documents and calling in to find out why my bill is significantly higher than expected. So far, I am not having a good experience and praying that a new phone service emerges so I can switch. I definitely don't want to go back to T-Mobile. Fingers crossed for a new emerge. Insurance used to be $10/$12 now it’s $17 per line? No!"
"Vodafone are fraudulent without doubt. After noticing my credit rating had gone down in points I checked why my online banking showed Vodafone as missed payments monthly from October 2024 going all the way back to 2018 with missed payment on each month. I have not had a Vodafone contract of any kind for years after opening one in 2009. Vodafone were ok but then it became a constant battle to prove they had make fraudulent amounts owing to renewal agreements that were not kept to. They then said I didn’t have the agreement I claimed. I had four phones one for me and one each for 3 children who I paid for but when they upgraded they had to pay any extra costs themselves as soon as they began part time work while at college. It was nothing but constantly challenging them over bills that were incorrect to changing upgrade agreements. Having to be on the phone hours and multiple visits to the store. I never thought to look deeply as to check for contracts I wouldn’t even have. I have had a few problems credit rating wise but to find out Vodafone had been behind it all theses years is diabolical! To speak to someone you need your account number to just pass the automated system alone. I had multiple tries at making up account numbers and phone numbers till eventually getting through after several days. Then obviously you can’t pass security! Nothing was showing because there was nothing to show . I wanted to speak to someone as they have always been sly and crafty I didn’t want to give them any opportunity to deny it all or changing anything on my old account like they did multiple times back then. Eventually I managed with the help of Muhammad who I will say was very helpful in trying so I could pass security.  Muhammad couldn’t find anything under my name and when on hold a i looked at my online banking credit check and it had been changed  TO PAID UNKNOWN  for October and September this this year how crafty again of them. I pointed this out but got no response. Then after being on hold again Muhammad informed me Vodafone had not affected my credit rating! OMG exactly why I wanted to speak to Vodafone and not giving them the opportunity to change anything to be able to deny it. Again I said that it wasn’t true Vodafone changing the last two months was sly and I had already taken screenshots and have proof of what was done telling Muhammad they wasn’t getting away it. He had first informed me they will correct it and be compensated for what they done that changed to a complete denial not accusing Muhammad of doing it but whoever he speaking did. Do not trust Vodafone this is typical of there conduct and sly crafty ways.Avoid like the plague unless you want high blood pressure, want to spend hours monthly on the phone getting fobbed of with rude people who don’t have to face you personally , want to battle proving they have taken money you don’t owe and I want a very stressful life involved in everything to do mobile phones.  Vodafone have no shame!!!!!  Ignore any reply from Vodafone about this it will be nothing but lies and there usual sorry you had this experience bla bla I will update after I have taken legal advice and it’s concluded."
Horrible! Crooks! You have services and when services interrupted you are still required to pay for something you were unable to use. Both my landline and internet have been put for OVER a month and yet I'm still billed. More then likely will be canceling the landline and looking for another internet service provider! My internet rate just went up another $5! I'm looking to email Elon musk and vivek ramaswamy to see if they can look into att and pge in California! Been with att for a very long time but no more!!!
"I am a business owner with multiple phones and Tablets and have been an AT&T customer for over 10 years.My complaint:Extremely hard to get any type of knowledgeable help to resolve billing issues.  Have made multiple calls over several days resulting in excessive hold times, calls misrouted, calls being disconnected while speaking to an agent, etc.  My experiences with this service provider over the last couple of years has been nothing short of a huge disappointment filled with regrets."
"""I absolutely hate Vodafone. Their customer service is a nightmare – endless waits, no resolutions, and being passed from one department to another. Their billing is a mess with hidden charges and errors they never take responsibility for. The network coverage is terrible, with constant dropped calls and slow data even in cities. Their promises about 5G are a joke. Avoid Vodafone at all costs!"""
VODAFONE are the worst phone company in Britain even more 💩 than KCON as I couldn't even get Broadband and phone landline service with them and they are also liars as they say you can now take any number to anywhere in the country well BT confirms this is rubbish so all I can say I only had a mobile with them that's now CEASED and is now with with EE! Don't be fooled by their lying false promises as they have given me the worst 😤 service of any company in the last fifty years avoid them like the plague and sign up with BT like I did do not use crap VODAFONE
I used to like Vodafone and even wrote a good review regarding their service. Recently I've been extremely disappointed with them and stressed with the bad service. My broadband went down randomly with no reason. Vodafone was unable to fix it. So I asked then to cancel my landline and broadband - I was instantly blackmailed by cancellation fees etc. I asked if I will get compensation for the service when my broadband was down. This was refused although Vodafone website says that they will compensate £9.76 per day of outage. I guess that promise didn't stand! So I currently have no broadband and am relying on poor mobile reception which is also unfortunately provided by Vodafone. The worst part of my experience was the blackmailing with cancellation fees as soon as it became apparent to Vodafone that I'm going to cancel. It's sad that such a huge and good mobile provider has lost its way.
"We have had nothing but problems- dropping connectivity- had extra mesh installed, can't use or upload photos for work. The customer support is foreign and appears to read from a script/ is not a help. Multiple calls to customer support where they have an attitude. They ask the same questions over and over without logging the information or history. Cannot play video games etc- we lose internet continuously. After about a month , a different customer support said they would have continuous connectivity with our tower ( shouldn't it be already?) They say the same thing about the towers...And still the same issues again and again. Every time we call they ask the same questions wasting 20 or 30 minutes at a time like, our address, phone numbers etc...we have gotten hung up on or dropped from calls just to do it again. Once we have the opportunity we are changing our service to another company.After our call just today 3 January 2025 the lady finally admitted we were too far from our tower- so everyone else before knew that and kept taking our money. We only got one 1/2 of a month refund after complaining our faces off and now we finally know what the real issue is after 3 months! Apparently we are supposed to ""call back if we have continuous problems from here further"" Ridiculous and dishonest for them to obviously k own we wouldn't have connectivity where we are yet they allowed us to sign up. Total waste of time."
"-5 They owe us stars! I was lied to by a sales person. She asked if I wanted a watch. I said no. A little while into the ""new phone upgrade"" she asked again. Again I said NO. 3 more times she asked. I said I don't wear watches I will never again wear a watch and I certainly will never wear a computer on my body. She said, ""Well it comes with the phone as a gift. It's free"" I said no. She said people are using it as an insurance policy. I don't have to wear it but I can use it to locate my phone if I misplace it. She got me with logic and appealing my sense of security. SCAM ARTIST!  But it was free right?? Wrong!! She added a line $35 a month and $15 a month for the watch!! She never went over my bill even though I asked if my monthly charge was going to be the same - $83 a month. She said yes the same. THEN after a time of owning the phone I downloaded my pictures and PHOTOS OF PEOPLE I DON'T KNOW WERE ON MY PHONE!!!  IT IS A USED PHONE!! The store won't help, they won't connect me to the district manager, they don't believe when I say it's a used phone with glicthes and OTHER PEOPLE""S PICTURES. No one is getting back to me. And now THEY'RE COMPLAINING THAT I AM CALLING CUSTOMER CARE!!!!! Last response: ""Well I can't guarantee that anyone is going to help you. They may or may not call back."" YOU CAN'T GUARENTEE THAT ANYONE IS GOING TO DO THEIR JOB??? AND YOU'RE OK WITH SALES PEOPLE LYING??? STAY AWAY! IT IS A GERMAN OWNED COMPANY - LOOK IT UP."
"My phone malfunctioned, so I went in for assistance. They provided me with a temporary phone and informed me that I only needed to pay for an additional line. They also mentioned that I must return it within 14 days; otherwise, I would be charged for the entire phone. I complied, but now they are claiming that I need to pay for it and that I agreed to a 36-month lease. I was never informed about this, and I feel like I was deceived. Bc Im paying for 2 phones now $160 a month"
You Have Check My Account and My ex wifes Account Their Is a None Consent Charges My her Account  for 17 $ as Insurance which i am Paying every month.  I need A Refund or Settlement for this transactions. And Even Their is One None Consent Transactions In my Account of 4.99 for AT&T CLOUD which i was Not Knowing Without my Permission. This all Charges Going . My Ex Wife Doesn't have any Insurance With AT&T i want to Remove her From my Account and That time i got to know i am getting charged Without Reason without Any consent. Please help me out With all this problems . I have Am THE Customer Of AT&T  SINCE 2018. MY NUMBER IS  (*********1)MY EX-WIFES NUMBER (*********8)Customer Cares are Really Not Tried to help me they Keep Avoiding Their Mistakes.I spoke with 3 Customer Executive The First one was not at all Trying to help me out than after Requesting and spending 1 almost an hour he Transferred me to a lady Her Name Was Somting Abby kind Than She Excepted some Mistakes than she gave me little Deal but i was Not Satisfied with again after Spending 1  talking with her Finally transferred me to Other Agent After Requesting alot. than the next Guy Was Not at all Trying to help me He was Knowing What happened whatever The 2 Customer Executive Lady He was Repeating Same thing Did not Get Any Help From Them.AT&T MIGHT BE DOING THIS WITH LOTS OF CUSTOMERS. They are Getting Fooled.I have Some Recoreding And Screen Recordings With me.THANK YOU.
"I am deeply disappointed with the level of customer service I received from T-Mobile. During my recent interaction, the representatives I spoke with were shockingly unknowledgeable and unprofessional. I called with a relatively simple issue, but instead of providing clear answers, the rep seemed confused and had no idea how to address my concerns.When I asked for clarification, I was met with vague responses and several "" i cant do that."" It became clear that this representative lacked even basic knowledge about the services and products T-Mobile offers. To make matters worse, their attitude was indifferent and dismissive, making me feel like my issue wasn’t important to them at all.After spending over 45 minutes on the phone without a resolution, I was left frustrated and no closer to solving my problem. It’s shocking that a company as large as T-Mobile would allow such untrained and unprofessional representatives to interact with customers. This experience has seriously made me reconsider continuing with their service.T-Mobile, if you want to keep your customers, you need to invest in better training and hire people who actually care about providing help. This experience was unacceptable."
"For several months, my bill has been incorrect.  Each biilling cycle I must go into the store and have it corrected,  The store manager calls the company offices and says they fixed it.  Just got another incorrect bill. Maybe they should let me move in since I am there so often  Follow up to above - upper management says the store was wrong, and my bill is $26 more per month than what I was quoted! I am filing a complaint with the FCC and the Minnesota State Attorney Generals office."
"Where do I start?  First of all T-Mobile ""free phones"" is crap they are obselete phones that stopped being produced in 2021.  I went thru 3 one plus nord in 6 months.  For a whole week I had no phone bc this garbage freezes Everytime I open an app.  One rep will state one thing and when you call back there is a completely different story.  But they do ""apologize for the inconvenience"". If I hear that one more time I'm gonna spit.  So instead of giving a different phone that like you know works.  They wanted to give me a fourth one plus nord.  And nothing is free with T-Mobile. You can't upgrade for one year bc they give you a $11.75 ""credit"" so is it really free. No you pay for it in the long run.  And their customer service is the worst I have ever seen in any company.  Maybe Humana could stop by and do some training.  Any training would be better than what they are dishing out now for $75/line.  It's garbage nothing but garbage.  This is just another bad review.  Keep reading there are thousands of these."
AT&T fees are excessive $45 plus $10 they offer you discounts and they never give them. Look for other options that offer better service. I would never recommend to AT&T
"Gemma was excellent. She helped me get the right phone at the best price. Changing my current deal, saved me some money.Great service."
Very unethical business practices. As a 20 year customer (Sprint/TMobile)  Made a payment arrangement. Employee failed to note. Phone was turned off causing numerous problems. Management refused to own employees mistake. Don’t trust this company. I don’t feel they care about the customer.
The only reason I'm giving one star is because of the lady that tried to help me and got my internet working a little better. I reviewed them on the FCC And they reached out to me They scheduled a technician to come out They scheduled it for an account in Florida not my account so that was the first thing they got a guy to come out finally take a look at it that don't worry we're going to take care of it. The internet is working somewhat better but at the beginning of all this my bill was $40 and it should have been 30 only started charging me a late fee because I didn't pay that bill I said that wasn't my right amount now my bill is $180 and nobody will call me back I am having stressed out nightmares anxiety about this and all I said was I was leaving to go to another company and then tried to save my business The fact that they won't return a call or tell me what's going on I just don't know how they can continue to do this over and over. Like the 4th or fifth time that they haven't kept their word on something.
"AT&T the worst customer service ever!!I went online, then on the phone then to an AT&T store. Three times in three days.I was told multiple times I was good to go. Only to find out someone messed up and my new phone is still not working. The last customer service representative spent over an hour with me. He said u can wait for the sim card to arrive in the mail or go to your local store and get one. So for the fourth time in three days I went to the store. Only to be told that I could not get one from the store even though they have plenty. I had to wait. Day 5 with no phoneThanks AT&T😞"
"If it was possible to give this company NO STARS that’s what they would earn. No stars. They lie to their customers. They use deceptive and discriminatory practices in everyday business. If I could switch carriers I would. It’s not because of the service. It’s because of the customer service, management, and C Level Executives that continue to let this crap go on. They only care about how much money you can give them. They don’t care about their customers. Hence their 1.3 stars rating.  Their trash. Simply put."
"I put in an order on 9 Oct. Appointment with engineer booked for 28 Oct. Fine. Stayed home 1pm-6pm, engineer said he couldn't do everything on the day. Another visit from two more engineers two days later. Stayed at home, yet again, 1pm-6pm because who cares about job and life and etc., right? They installed everything and completed the job. Today, still no internet after endless (well, not endless, only ca. 50 mins each) chats and calls since yesterday. All one gets is a different person every time on the other end of the chat/call saying that they have marked it as priority and now I have to wait 30 mins... Frustrating. I'd rather someone said: look, we couldn't care less, wait a few days and we will try our best, or almost our best. Would they be alright with it if this was a client's approach to payments, for example? ""Oh, sure, I'd promised to pay my bill once a month but you know what, why don't you wait a few days...""-----Update after Vodafone's reply:I did call them again today. Twice, so far. Twice they said it was now all sorted and I had to wait 30-50 mins top. I still don't have internet.Update 03/11/2024Vodafone are absolutely worthless. they were unable to resolve the issues with connection outlined above, so I asked them to cancel the order. initially they refused and quoted their own internal policies as a guide. only when I explained the law allows me to cancel the contract they agreed. this was yesterday. today I woke up to a email from Vodafone with a bill for £26. it is beyond me how they can issues a bill for a service they did not provide. I have now ben connected on the chat for the last 3 hours, I have been transferred 5 times and every persons acknowledged that the service was never delivered by Vodafone but were unable to cancel the bill. I asked for the complaints team contact details and again was refused the information. now I am chatting to 'mamager' who also refuses to give me complaints team details and advises he will raise a complaint (as if I was unable to do it myself) and the team will contact me within 7 to 10 days. this will mean that I will go over the due date for the bill. I explained this to the 'manager' and asked them to flag it as urgent and for someone to call me. all I got was we don't use phone, you contact us back in 72hrs. absolutely disgusting behaviour from Vodafone. explaining customers to take time of their work/life to be contacting them to rectify a mistake they made. I will be contacting the consumer ombudsman tomorrow morning and making an official complaint and submit a request for 'compensation for distress and inconvenience'."
"Starting in April 2024, AT&T has repeatedly removed my account from Auto-pay, and I lose my auto pay discount. also end up paying late because I didn't know they'd removed my auto-pay. I've had to call in each month to have this ""fixed"". It is now November 2024 and this ""glitch"" has been ongoing. Every time I sign back up to autopay for the discount I get an email right before its due to kick in that I've made changes to my account, stating that I've removed my account from autopay. Except I made no changes to my account. Strongly recommend going with another company"
I have been with Vodafone for several years as an OAP and not very IT aware as my charges escalatedWhen I rang them to query my bill I was told they could not reduce the bill.So now managed to reduce by £15 a monthHow can a company abuse a long term customer  like this ?
T-Mobile like most other companies are using the OFFSHORE CALL CENTER REPRESENTATIVES. They are not trained and most unprofessional people on earth. They would misrepresent what you say and falsely claims and charge your credit cards for services you never received. I hope that the USA government sue all of these companies because we as customers are suffering….
I was told that my account was canceled multiple times and it wasn't. They continue to demand payment and refuse to work with me. It takes a lot of time to get a hold of a customer service rep. When I do they contradict each other and are pretty much completely unhelpful. A total nightmare to deal with. Just go with a different provider.
"I've been with T-Mobile for quite a few years, but sadly, the customer service is severely gone downhilli’ve done many upgrades in the past with no problems in mailing back the trade-in devicewhere my problem comes this time I didA upgrade last November to a very expensive phone got the phone no problem activatedIt mailed back my trade-in phone tracked it. It shows received first part of December where the problem lies I had paperwork showing I was supposed to get $585 for that phone I have never received the promised credit to my account I have now had 12 phone calls to T-Mobile telling me to keep waiting they showed the phone has been received, but it may take a while to get the credit last phone call now is telling me to wait two more bill cycles BS!!I have done a lot of upgrades. It does not take two months to get your credit. I used to work in a large wireless call center. I know how it works and this is nothing but BS that they are feeding me.I have called multiple times asking for a manager only to be told one is not available or one would call me back, but they never doI am severely close to just paying off my phones and taking my lines to another carrier. Only problem is I live in an area where I’m really limited on cell phone carriers as cell reception. Here is not great unfortunatelyall I can say is save yourself, major major grief. If you decide to do an upgrade, go to a store, never do one through the mail, or be prepared to eat the money you were promised better yet stay the hell away fromt-Mobile"
Completely messed up my entire home move. Have been with Vodafone for years but this has been an absolute shambles. Will not be paying them and definitely not keeping the contract.
"I been charge on my bank account 279 for not returning box when I did it so it’s been 3 months since then keep charge and when I call them says they will gimme a credit for it an this mont my bill it’s again almost 300 hundred dollars, ever time I call I have to explain why they shouldn’t charge me that money cuz I already send the box and tell them the route number and they gimme the confirmation that they get the box it’s been frustrated, why every time I call I have to spend 30 minutes explaining that they overcharge me."
"Horrible irresponsible service. I was asked be home yesterday as the renewed contract phone will be delivered. However, no phone or a call. Now I’m online for the past hour with customer service who are unable to locate any record! My account number 7065712806"
"Representative at T'mobil made a bad mistake on 01/10/25 it was caught immediately. I called to speak to a manager,both were rude, and not helpful, I been a customer for 20 years thankfully no problems until now. The Rep was wrong, made an error, the managers admitted that but was still so rude and unprofessional.I am seeking another phone carrier."
"WARNING - AT&T offers deplorable customer service, setting up two account, getting itself completely confused. Double billing me, taking multiple payments.What a NIGHTMARE. I suggest you stay away from this utterly incompetent company"
Constantly telling me I’m grandfathered into a plan but that while it is still the same I pay significantly more than I originally agreed to with no actual benefits.  Service is getting progressively worse with dead spots all over the city and support can’t even answer basic questions.  After over a decade of decline it has finally reached a point where I’m actually looking into the very few other options seriously even though moving carriers is a hassle.
The worst company and network carrier ever.
"Worst service and customer service. Its been 10 days iv connected and already frustrated. Adament cs staff, rude and 0 level understanding."
Terrible. Vodafone operate a scam. I signed up to Vodafone Broadband and was meant to receive a £105 Giftcloud gift card. Not received. Giftcloud say it is for Vodafone to sort. Vodafone say it’s for Giftcloud to sort. Looking at Forums it seems this is a regular problem with consumers losing out and receiving nothing. I feel like I’m stuck in a Kafka novel 🙁☹️
"Called with a simple billing enquiry.  Not only was it very hard to get hold of a real person, when I did, their accent was so thick I could barely understand a word, and ultimately they directed me back to the Vodafone website because they couldn't help.  Totally unsatisfactory experience from all angles.  Think it was a foreign call centre but who knows?"
"Unfortunately, the signal dropped regularly. I do not live in a rural location. When I found a better provider (after finishing my contract), I tried to cancel and it was such a hassle! I'm now paying for 2 months without actually needing to use their horrendous service."
"I am receiving invoices on my email address, even though I never signed up for an account and do not have any relation with T-mobile. It is not possible to log in to T-mobile with the email address, or reset the password to enable login. T-mobile customer service says they will not help at all."
If there was option to give 0 star service then I would have rated as 0.Dont go for their so called full fibre service as it will not be activated ever and you will be drained out by dealing with their pathetic support team. And the chat service provided on other review also doesn't seem to work. I booked my broadband on 8th October and I was told that the service will be activated by 23rd October however on 20th October they communicated that due to challenges with City Fibre we dont have a definite date for the activation.I have to travel to London 3 days a week as i dont have a working internet. Please dont choose Vodafone
"I literally can’t think of a worst experience with a broadband team in my life.From the engineer texting me for two days that he would be at my flat so I had cancelled plans and working from home and him never turning up, to him finally showing and then not being able to install the router properly because there wasnt the correct wiring, to explaining this to vodafone and the employee getting angry at me for believing the engineer and wanting to cancel and then telling me I have to wait for the next day to cancel.The router is obviously in my house but was never even installed, never serviced, vodafone was supposed to send me a package with a return label to return the router in but never did - obviously because they just want more money. Before my bill, I contacted them worried as I hadn’t received the label or package and I didn’t want to be charged. They assured me I wouldn’t be and were confused themselves as to why they hadn’t sent the return material.Now I have been charged and Vodafone is trying to say it’s because they have been waiting for the router and they are charging me for it still being at mine - I only received a return label because of the guy I called last week who sent it me, they had never sent it before thatThey are money obsessed. This was such an awful experience and after days waiting around and hours of phone call conversations with awful employees. I would recommend avoiding."
"Hey good afternoon !I have been with so much trouble with T-Mobile since when I upgrade my account.I have Been waiting since march 13 with some promotion was promised, but I never get that.So I was switching my plan and I requested many times to my new plan should covered so I can switch my phone with the promotion for $800 and have internet out the countryI ask the lady about magent plan because I had before and I had both of this request ed working well - the internet and the switch with 830 credit.So I switched my plan and she said I can get the phone switched with her on the call but will take 5 business day to get the new one, how I work with my phone and I don’t want wait she said I can do on the store, when I got on the store they said this promotion doesn’t exist.I called again on the same day and they told me my plan is not covered and this promotion doesn’t exist for my plan.Recap:  in the morning the lady switched my plan she said was covered and I have 2 different promotions 1) with the 800 because I’m upgraded my line and the other was 2) the 830 because I’m on magent planSo until that date I have been fighting because I can’t get this promotion the lady told me on the phoneThe other time,  I spoke with some representative they put a new line to fix my problem and got worse because he never did what he said, he told me he just will put a new line until a get the promotion and after he will cancel. He just disappear and I start pay for two different plans - magenta plans and go 5g plan. I never agreed with that. I told him, he can put if cost the $10 dollars like he told me and if he cancel after.The other time, other representative told me he will put a credit monthly because all the mess the other representative was making on my bill, on the first month (I think was may) he put a credit, but after he just disappear and no credit anymore. I supposed to just to start pay something just in July, because of the promotion I got, but they put a line on my bills and now everything is a messThe other representative she just told T-Mobile can’t do anything. So I was tired and said ok to them cancel the new line (I never requested) so I lost the promotion because was attached to the new line. I started pay for the phone in full, but I never got my phone I send before back, because I just send my phone because I was doing a trade with $830 credit.Just remembered that wasn’t the deal since the beginning, because the deal was I upgrade my line and get the credit for $830 credit and switch my phone.July 13th I tried again, I spoke with the supervisor Anthonyalison he told me he will open a investigation and call back in 3 days, one week pass and nothing he never call me back. When I spoke to him, he told my bill was $161, I was very angry about this price for 1 line, and he said he saw wrong and this amount wasn’t my bills. After I finished the chat with I check my app and my bill was $161, for 2 lines I never requested and I have already cancelled.On Monday July 15th was my last try to fix this mess, I call again and make sure I’m speaking with someone representative based in Florida, because I went also to the store, but just the representative could fix this mess because they did that, and the representative on the store said for I call Monday to Friday and speak with someone from here, they know better what they are doing them other representatives from other countries. I did that, call on Monday speak with Jen, she told sorry many times and she said she will fix my problem, after explain to her all the problem she ask to speak with her supervisor and she will fix. She ask me to call me back on Friday -July 19th at 9am because she needs check with other departments and she told they have to fix because they give wrong information. Of course one more time, on more person didn’t call me back or said anything or fix my problem.since march I have been paying my bills wrong and much higher than I should. I have been speaking with more than 8 representatives/ supervisors to fix this problem, and nobody care. I’m exhausted. Every month my bills come with a different amount. I just want what exactly was promised to me and done and I can’t keep call or text every month."
"I was here two times, associates do not like use time to help customer problems, just they want to sale with out answer questions!! I purchased my I phone by calling t mobile and they were very friendly. I came back to south Pasadena store and asked them help me to transfer my old i phone information to new i phone one of the associate said we can not. I went to Duarte store and they did for me very friendly."
"Having decided to move to Vodafone broadband to save money and to improve speed, the whole process turned into a complete debacle.  Once I had signed up I was inundated with emails and texts, initially from Vodafone, and then from British Telecom.  In the main these texts kept confirming the date and time when a BT engineer would call at my house to install the fibre connection.  This was an afternoon in November (between 1pm and 6pm).  I kept being reminded that, if I failed to keep the appointment, I could be penalised.  I made a special trip to my house (as I was staying with a friend on that day) and arrived in good time on the date scheduled.  And I waited, and I waited,  At 16:16 I received a text from BT to say my engineer, Daniel, was on site.  Well, he patently wasn't but I presumed the message might mean he was at the local junction box, a mile away.  6pm came and went and still no sign of Daniel at my house, and no more text updates.  I tried sending messages to that text number with no success.  So, then I rang Vodafone who would not talk to me because I could not recall my security pin number, which I had recorded on my laptop that I did not have with me.  At 9pm I returned to my friend's.  For communication companies, Vodafone and BT are completely without a clue when it comes to keeping their customer updated.  BT rang me the following morning, and the reason Daniel had not turned up at my house to do the job he was supposed to do was... it had got dark!  What?  Dark?  In mid-November at gone 4pm?  What a surprise.  I cancelled my contract with Vodafone and then received another text to say the company had credited my account with £12 and a few pence to compensate me because my broadband had not gone live when it should.  Clueless, hopeless customer service and no email to send my complaint to - just a useless chatbot, TOBi, a postal address, and customer service agents unable to help me on the night I was awaiting the engineer because my security code was elsewhere."
"Worst experience been without service for 2 days and they are not doing anything about it, they said keep your phone of for 4 hours still nothing works, they have opened a complaint case which can up to 7 days and won’t me to have no service for them 7 days. And for a joke they offered me a £10 gift card I’ll be reporting it to the financial ombudsman"
"T-Mobile in person has mostly helpful people, but many things need to be done online or on the phone.  The 611 phone customer service people are so incredibly inept it is 😤😡. I just sat on the phone for 2 hours and they could not set up a simple account for me. They kept putting me on hold without explaining what the problem was. When they asked for my social, I told the woman I had been a victim of identity theft, so I would have to get off the phone with her and release the freeze on my credit account. She said no need, they just needed my social on file. I sat for another hour on the phone before someone in the credit department came on to say I needed to release the freeze on my credit. I said ""I told the other woman that an hour ago!"" What is wrong with you? Do your people not know what their job is? Why does the person setting up the account NOT know what she is asking?!"
"Don't apply for the benefit claimants options if you're already a customer paying normal prices as they will not call you back. Obviously they prefer you to be paying more 🙄. You will probably have better results results if you switch providers, so I'll be doing that next week 👋🏻"
Ensure you cancel your contract after your contract has expired. Had to pay 2 months extra after my so called contract expired. Complete joke!
"I started my AT&T service in 2018. At the time it seem like AT&T was doing OK. They bought DIRECTV not too long ago and it seemed like my service was pretty good.My first impression I feel like AT&T has gone downhill pretty significantly not only did my stock go down substantially, but the company is really letting me down, especially within the last year. They made it out like 5G was going to be the next best thing and service would be amazing. I have to say the service is amazing and even when I have 3 to 4 bars of service on multiple occasions, my phone has me down and told me I have connection. I would understand if this were happening at a sporting event or something like that however, I have been around for 30 minutes trying to post this because of the service being so bad and I’m in Concord, North Carolina not even like the big city  right now I have 3 bars of 5G+ and I have literally no connection I had to connect to McDonald’s WiFi to post this. Fk Att"
"Horrible idea for businesses. They will upsell you on promotional lines to reduce your monthly bill but then not close the lines out and continue to charge you for them when you move carriers because their reception is terrible. Avoid, avoid, avoid."
"I’ve had AT&T 20 years. I had Singular which changed to them. 5 lines, family plan. My bill is always around $400 and when I have a couple phones being paid for it’s close to $500. I can never get a break or a reason why I pay double what my friends pay. Finally changing networks after 2 decades and I’m buying a home with a house pmt of $500. See ya AT&T! It was so fun giving you $6k a year. 🦶"
"Be weary about extending your contract with Vodaphone! It can destroy your credit score.I was an existing customer and when my deal came to an end I applied for credit for a new phone and SIM plan. Which was actually cheaper then my current deal.Vodaphone's credit team applied 2 hard searches to credit file, which has completely destroyed my credit score. This is even more frustrating after having a pristine credit file for a considerable amount of time.I have lost hours of time now writing to the Ombudsman and FCA to try and get this corrected.It is appalling and seriously wouldn't bother taking the risk."
"Absolutely horrendous service, I would give a zero if I could. I embarked on a month of terrible Internet connection and download speeds. Vodaphone choke the service, they give you the run around and come up with the genius switch it off and back on again answer Everytime. You can tell the level of training that went into that conclusion. Honestly the worst Internet provider hands down and the worst customer service. I've been in McDonald's at midnight that provided a better customer experience. They are unhelpful and come to the conclusion that you are receiving the speed you pay for forgetting the fact that what speed is going to the router from there end isn't the case from the router to the device. Dial up was better than this service. Honestly avoid at all costs it's quite simply garbage and you will end up going elsewhere."
Had a very bad experience today. We visited today for sim replacement but workers busy with taking each other including manager mr.sid… they are unprofessional and misguiding the customers
"Aside from the rising costs over the years, the extreme “legalese” in superfine print no one has time to read when time to replace an aging phone, as well as the questionable practices regarding the AT&T insurance and submitting claims, and sales reps that may need additional training in communications, dealing with call centers that may not have clear insight on local issues – my recent issue begins with the mistake of upgrading to a Samsung Fold Z4 shortly after it became available.While the phone was impressive in terms of the screen size, it came with many more “unknown” cons I would learn about the hard way, than pro’s. Although Samsung boasts waterproof/resistant, it is not dustproof. Amazing that a speck of dust can create havoc on the screen rendering it unreadable at a significant pace and hence I had to replace it after 7(?) months or so…while I had insurance on all my devices had to shell out another 700.00+ to get the replacement. Ok, lesson learned, be sure to create a good seal around the folding part.In May of 2024  (with another 18 months of installment payments left), Wi-Fi and Bluetooth stopped working entirely and despite many attempts and online research to fix on my own, had no other choice but to get a replacement phone. I  did not want to deal with a claim at the time due to the frustration of already having to replace again and of course work and life. Went back to the AT&T store and explained the situation and wound up with a new phone and a new business line I did not need, it was not clear to me that although I brought the old phone in  at the time that I would be  stuck with paying installments on both. Again, I was not paying attention as the frustration just grew – especially after there happened to be a Samsung rep in the store and when the sales person asked him if it was common that the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth would stop working and he shook his head rather non-chalantly and that is when I popped up and advised that is not what I discovered in various online sites – Samsung for one - regarding a known issue with the fold.Once I discovered I am still paying for the Fold, I called AT&T and an hour of wasted effort, I was referred to the claim site and here is where it gets really interesting. The Fold no longer showed up as a registered device so I could not file a claim… AT&T rep on the phone had me register the phone with my true number associated and I asked if that was going to impact my current working phone and basically had me attempt to claim on both phones… I can’t make this stuff up folks, simply unreal. I then went back to the store to see if the claim can be done from there and was told of course they could help. Only issue is the phone had been turned off for a bit so now it was not showing up on the network and when I asked how to do that as the phone did not work… no Wi-Fi – the salesperson asked her co-worker and he would not even respond to me which is ok, but stated to put a sim in the phone and make a few calls, etc…Went home and tried it and guess what? Still not showing up on network and now the screen appears to be damaged again… and growing. At this point, not sure if it is worth my peace to deal with this and just eat the cost. Moral of the story is check everything including the fine print, question all policies, particularly the insurance policies and whatever deductibles you are responsible for, and have a backup plan. My plan involves fulfilling my debt obligations on these phones and once they are paid for, removing all services I have with AT&T after many years as my provider and never doing business with AT&T again…Hope this helps in some way."
This is the Facebook page for the T-Mobile Lawsuit for those that have been overcharged or damaged by T-Mobile and forced to pay what you don't owe.Facebook Group Search: T-Mobile Class Action LawsuitThere will be a way to sign on to the class action in the coming weeks.  Start by joining and sharing your experience.
"Terrible customer experience. I bought a phone last Wednesday from Vodafone which was meant to come with an e-sim. Nothing has been issued so i cannot make calls, text or use data. I provided my PAC code at the point of purchase to transfer my number from O2. On Friday O2 disconnected my old mobile confirming the number had been transferred to Vodafone however Vodafone have not activated the esim on their end. I went into store and after waiting 45 mins to be seen, was told there was nothing the store could do as they can see on their system the e-sim is sat under ""processing"" on my Vodafone account and if i wait until 5pm I'd receive a QR code to activate.  No email was sent by vodafone.Today I have spent 30 mins on the phone with Vodafone customer service having to prove there is an issue before they would even look into my account.  Conclusion is they will now send me a physical sim and cancel the esim on their end.  I now have to wait another 48 hours in the hope a physical sim comes in the post.All the while Vodafone started a contract for me on 5 November and are charging me airtime for a phone that has no network! I cant make calls, cant text, no data. Yet you're charging me for it.  I wish i stayed with O2.  Avoid Vodafone at all costs."
"I recently switched to a t and t fiber and wireless. The representative for the fiber is absolutely phenomenal. No problems whatsoever the Representatives for the wireless phone is a totally different story. The only thing they are concerned with is the dollar bill. I was specifically told by both gentlemen Joseph and Ralston, That my first bill would not be no more then $90 When I got the bill, I contacted both of these gentlemen, only to be giving a story of well this and that. I told them I was lied to and I do not appreciate it. Joseph asked me to give him twenty four hours to get the account straightened. Four days later, I have not heard from him.So I sent him a text asking him what the resolution was. To this very second I still have not gotten any resolution from either rep. Like I said, they are only concerned with the dollar bill, not taking care of the customer. I also stated I did not want automatic payments and not to put it on a particular credit card that I put the phone deposit on. When my first bill came in, it was an automatic deduction on the credit card.I told him not to use. These in home, wireless reps are absolutely noteworthless and do not care about their paying customers. I will be keeping my fiber internet But I will definitely be changing cell phone services."
Absolutely garbage service I can't get through they want 575 for a service I'm not receiving I want the fee waived
Internet has not been working good since it's been installed called a few times and they've not been very helpful at all paying for a service I can't even use would never go with vodaphone again
Left T-Mobile because they did the bait and switch regarding free Netflix. Now I have a credit balance for $(6.79) and they say they can't access my account without a pin to issue me a refund check. Instead I keep getting monthly statements saying my credit will be applied to next months bill. Worst customer service and a reminder why I left them.
"I wish there was an option to give zero stars. I've spent the last few business days trying to cancel my service. It won't allow me to do it online. Getting anything accomplished with their customer service is equivalent to trying to win the mega millions. If you can make it through the labyrinth of options, and actually speak to a human, your experience gets even worse. I've been transferred multiple times since apparently nobody wants to do their job. Ive had the calls magically disconnected more times than I can count. I've opted for the call back option which is their way of telling you, ""we aren't ever going to call."" The store told me they can't cancel services, and that I have to call the number. Is it seriously impossible to get rid of this service? This is beyond unacceptable. I was never rude or discourteous to anyone I spoke to. I chose the correct options during the automated section. They had zero reason to disregard me for days at a time. I'm not sure what else to do to get my service removed. I will never use their services again. Mostly because I think it's going to be impossible to get rid of them in the first place. I'll get a new bank card so they can't take anymore of my money. Bet they won't have any problem suspending or cancelling my service then. Bet I won't have any issues getting anyone on the phone telling me I owe them money. That sector of their call service works perfectly. Do I need to get legal services to get this cancelled, or can someone just push a few buttons on a keyboard and get this taken care of?"
"AT&T has locked my cell phone and refuses to unlock it. Salesmen in-store and customer service failed to disclose to me their policy of requiring service for 6 months until after I purchased service with another carrier but couldn't use it because my phone was locked. This lack of disclosure about the 6-month service requirement has caused me significant distress and financial inconvenience. I meet the requirements listed on their website to unlock it. I requested an unlock but the male tech support refuses, was rude and he yelled at me. The store employees said I will have to purchase another wireless phone. I have a family and have been without cellular service for a week and customer service knew my intention to end prepaid service with AT&T and I've paid for service with another carrier but can't use it. It took hours to reach anyone and I had big problems initially starting service which should have been a red flag."
"Worst ever, employees do a ripoff not explaining none of their offers or details of their packages. Got a prepaid card, payed 3 months in advance to keep the line active, cause I’ll be out of the US (no one told me I won’t be able to receive SMS nor calls and the line will be dead), so those 3 months in advance payment is wasted as the line is inactive but payed for. When I called them, they told me to upgrade to 40$ plan to just be able to receive SMS to the line, and calls if any. I told them I just need the line active, and I payed in advance cause T-Mobile guess what - receiving payments from cards issued only from certain countries and my home country isn’t the one. I told them, I’m outside of the US, payed in advance to have the line active - none informed me of additional minimum charge for prepaid roaming, and I can’t upgrade my plan as the card I have isn’t from one of 15 countries which is accepted. Money wasted time wasted stress from dealing with thiefs. Zero zero zero stars, do not get anything from this ripoff and their uninterested staff - worst experience in Seattle and Chicago! Philippinos on the call center are friendly, however talking much and zero helpful as their company is - zero."
The absolute worst. Inexplicable charges and fees constantly. I am so glad to be done with this horrible company.
"Customer Service is SHOCKING!I understand that companies often choose to outsource their customer service functions, but Vodafone has become unbearably difficult to deal with when problems arise. For me, a truly great company is defined by how it resolves issues, not by its sales tactics—and Vodafone is falling far short in this regard.I’ve been passed from one representative to another, from South Africa to India and everywhere in between. None of the representatives I’ve encountered seem empowered to truly empathize or assist; instead, they simply repeat the same scripted responses over and over again like robots.Getting through to someone—whether by phone or their chat system—takes an eternity. To make matters worse, I was just four days late on a payment, and yet I’ve been bombarded with threatening emails and texts, even warnings about debt collectors. Four days! This level of response is excessive and unwarranted.What on earth has happened to Vodafone? If I could leave today, I absolutely would."
"HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE customer service!! Extremely disappointed with AT&T, and  we have loyal ties to this company that go back decades. When the high speed internet fiber optics became available in our neighborhood we switched. Big mistake.We will be without internet for more than a week by the time someone will get here to repair the problem. We keep receiving calls that postpone the repair. I realize these are first world issues, but we were told that they would come right out if we ever had problems with our service when we signed up with them. Sadly, not true."
Don't buy any accessories through t-mobile!  I have been with them for years but the return window is so short and you can't return anything without doing a live chat.  I spent days using the app and the online system and finally decided to chat with an agent.  It took several tries to get through the automated agent and then I received no help from the live agent.
I bought an iPhone 15 pro max about 6 months ago and broke a screen protector about three months in. Brought in and it was replaced without question. I was told they were covered throughout the first year. Broke that new screen protector about two months in again. Went to AT&T where they tried to charge me $10. Saying only the first one is covered. I just bought 3 screen protectors and 3 camera lens protectors for $6.99. Why would I pay 10 for one (with AT&T phone insurance mind you) when I can get 3 of each protector for $7?Their cell coverage has went to hell as well.This was on 10/13/2024.
Once again charged for out of plan for something I did not use.Stay away from Vodafone. Once I am home I will be looking for a new phone and broadband service.
"I went from moneysupermarket for a Vodafone deal, at the checkout stage am told my personal details are wrong but it doesn't specify what. I try a couple of times, delete cookies etc, but no change. The bot chat is slow, and an adviser appears but disappears mid chat. I try again, nothing. I call, first time it's picked up but no voice. Second time, I'm put through to X, Y, then Z in sales, who says she can't help process the deal I want as it's online only. This has alll taken most of an hour. Absolute waste of time, and it's exactly the kind of crap I got at EE hence I left."
"Ranks at the very bottom of my experiences over the past 55 years with companies.  Three weeks ago, we contacted T-Mobile about upgrading our cell phones to newer models.  We currently have 7 lines with T-Mobile and all but one of our cell phones is paid off.  I cannot get a quote or straight answer, despite spending more than 4 hours and 5 different reps.  We're ready to switch to AT&T or Verizon!"
“Notice: Important Information Enclosed”Spam mail.
"This company are abysmal. Don't use them. I have spoken to them on the phone 4 times and each time I've been promised a 10 pounds refund due to an unused top up as the network would not work on my phone. This has taken place over a period of 3 to 4 months and is utterly ridiculous. Disgraceful. Obviously the don't value and have zero respect for customers, just fobbing them off."
"This company is like an ex with bad communication that will not let go.  I left them and had my number ported.  Although I followed the process and entered the code to unlock my phone that AT&T gave me, my phone remains locked.  I have not had phone service for 3 days.  I have children and a sickly mom, and no phone service.  When I contacted customer service, she kept insisting that she would text a code or call me.  I kept repeating to her that the reason I was chatting is because I cannot receive or make calls or texts.  She then proceeded to offer me deals. ""I don't want to do business with you anymore!"" I will be removing my other phones and moving them over to another provider too.  I spent about 2 hours trying to straighten things out and I still don't have phone service.  This company is horrible and their customer service reps are incompetent."
"I made a payment agreement with AT&T paying the amount of $349.95 for November 28, 2024 and the other for $348.24 for December 12, 2024. It turns out that AT&T broke the payment agreement by charging me twice on the same day, the 28th, for both amounts. I contacted them for a refund but they don't want to give it to me because of their policies."
DO NOT DO IT! WORST COMPANY EVER. GOT THEIR WIFI UNDER THE 15 DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE AND SENT THE EQUIPMENT BACK WITHIN 7 days and they sent me to collections for $112….Tried calling them and they said the 6 digit pin I gave them was incorrect and there’s nothing they can do for me. I even offered my Social Security number and they refused….
"The T-Mobile store in Hermitage on Lebanon Rd are liars and thievesThey tried to change me 3x the restocking fee snd force me to spend more money in an upgradeThey lied about the features on an Apple Watch which brought about the returnI had to call customer service to get anything doneThe assistant mgr Marcus leads the way with lies and misinformationThis store has a lot of complaints and I hope goes out of business, either way deal with them at your own risk"
Terrible phone call customer services.  My contract is due to end. All I wanted to do was renew and see what money I could save with new contract. Since i being with vodafone since 2010 . Its 3 days later of trying to deal with customer services.  So now i have to use my dinner break to go to the local shop.. Why can't no one speak plan English.  I will be moving company.
So slow it spoilt our TV viewing new years eve. Did the Vodafone checks which just confirmed the signal to be very unstable and only achieving 6Mbs.Can't be relied upon.Will contact City Fibre as Vodafone don't take any responsibility.
"I have been compelled to leave Vodafone due to their inability to assist me effectively.I visited a Vodafone store to discuss an upgrade, which I was due for, and was provided with pricing options. During this discussion, I mentioned that other companies were offering better deals and that I needed time to consider my options.I then called Vodafone to explore a better offer, but I was informed that they couldn't access my account for upgrades due to a technical issue. The agent said they would escalate my case to the SOS team.Two weeks later, I still hadn't received any updates, so I called again. The issue was still unresolved, and the agent suggested I either return to the store or use the My Vodafone app to explore upgrade options.I requested to speak to a manager, but they only repeated what the previous agent had told me. Frustrated, I asked for a PAC code, which they provided. I also requested to be transferred to the complaints department. I was put on hold, and when the agent returned, he asked me to explain my complaint. I informed him that I would discuss it directly with the complaints team.The agent put me on hold again to consult with his manager, who claimed she would reach out to the complaints team and then placed me on hold once more. After what felt like an eternity, I was finally transferred to a complaints agent, who reiterated the same issues—my account had a problem, and the SOS team had advised me to visit the store or use the app. However, the deals on the app were more expensive than those quoted in the store.At this point, it became clear that Vodafone doesn't prioritize customer retention or resolving issues. So, as a loyal customer, I’m saying goodbye to Vodafone.4o mini"
"Do I have to give a star.The worst service ever, Sales person after agreement wouldn’t return a single call, Calling support, bounced from one department to another, go over the whole issue time and time again, sorry you need to call this department, nope I can’t resolve let me give you the right department, sorry you need to contact this department…... After 2 months of countless calls and countless hours on the phone with them, the internet has never worked. We had to switch back to our old provider which went seamlessly to get by, resulting in us doubling our costs thinking we might get this resolved. . Apparently they have no technicians to visit and resolve issues they can’t resolve over the phone. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!"
"Don't join with T mobile. This is a compliant that one of super had put an unlock order #S124830589 and I was told 24 hours to unlock by Brian ID2237, Sept 21. Then I called yesterday, the 22nd. Another lady (supervisor) from Phillipean Kyla ID 6025158 told me, the order was under processed and must released 48hours. I call today 23rd 6pm, Elli told me there will be not unlocked at day one of your requested and she has no idea why they told you to wait for unlocked 48hours and made me waiting for 2 days without service. Don't trust this service and don't believe what their customers service especially their supervisors, and they are from Phillipean and don't need to take their responsibility of what they are saying.They fool with this company customers and not a good company that harassed their customers."
"Literally this company can’t get it right. Big blocks of emails will come thru all at once on various email accounts because their network is slow.  Never trust a word out of their in store reps mouths. It’s always incorrect.  Calling in to their phone line to fix incorrect information given by their in store reps I am told I am given a paltry credit and my bill is going up to a higher amount.  I then later get the notification that my bill is ready to view and to add insult to injury the higher price I was told it would go is also incorrect and it’s actually higher. In short, terrible cellular and customer service.  Avoid. Not the same company they were 15 years ago when they had good service."
"The Internet in my home and the surrounding area has been out for the better part of a week and AT&T either refuses to give me an ETA on when service will be restored or straight lacks the ability to do so. Not knowing on the first day, I'd understand. But a daily text that can be summarized as ""We're really working on fixing it, we promise"" doesn't cut it."
"STAY AWAY. A SCAM. In the USA:  I switched to them, found out within two days that I couldn't get coverage at my home or office so closed account.  For SIX months, I've been trying to get a refund for the money I paid since the coverage didn't work. NONE.  Been working on this, they never call you back.  Today, just found out despite escalation there is a clause that says even if you don't use the service you owe that amount.  I switched because I have several friends that have used them for decades all over the world without any problems. DON'T BE TEMPTED.  STAY AWAY.  THEY WILL NEVER HELP YOU."
The most horrible costumer service. When will you stop exporting jobs to other countries. Your customer service employees barely know English and are difficult to understand.    So sad
"Did an online purchase with a 40.99 quote for 4 new lines. They canceled order said go to store for id verification. I did so in store the plan was 60.99 but he added auto pay and paperless for another 10 dollars off. But i have to wait 2 to 3 billing cycles when online it was immediate then i kept being told basically, I can't read i am lying and I am just looking for aa discount that the only other discount is military teacher etc. but yet it clearly says this on the quote AT&T Unlimited Premium® PL planSee discounts$40.99OFFER: Get $10.00/mo. in bill credits for up to 36 mos. when you add a new line, bring your own smartphone, and transfer your existing number. Plus, we'll waive your activation fee. NOTE Discount not reflected in cart."
"I am extremely grateful for their prompt and efficient services, which gave me peace of mind during a difficult time. I highly recommend LEINS FELDERS for any financial or legal needs. They truly go above and beyond to ensure their clients' satisfaction."
I'd been with EE for two decades or more and decided to switch. What a big mistake. Vodafone is a kafkaesque nightmare. Even the complaint form produces a 404 error.  Nó attempt at remedy works. Really regret trying themPs I did as they suggested and dm'ed via Twitter but have heard nothing back
Poor customer service unprofessional prices are extremely high while service is poor. AT&T should be shut down immediately . Data breach… they have a lawsuit currently going on ..
"Where to get started? Buckle up for the complete crap show that is t-mobile kids bc its a doozy.To start.. i have a samsung galaxy s22Ultra i wanted to keep my phone when i changed servies to t mobile. The man at the store told me i had to BUY a phone from them in order to get the sim card for tmobile. My daughter also got a phone. We were told her phone was only 30 and mine was 7 and that was it we just had to pay the start up. WELL LET ME TELL YOU thats where the lies began. I was NOT informed id be paying MONTHLY on the phones. Two phones one that I didnt even NEED bc i had my own phone. Their customer service told me i didnt need to buy a phone for the sim card.. but dude in store said i did.They told me my bill would be 80 a month for 2 lines of UNLIMITED 5G NEVER SLOWS DOWN SERVICE.... my bill is about 98 a month and more often than not random charges get put on my bill.""My speeds will never slow down no matter how much data I use"" bold face lie. My data slows down and i have to CALL customer service for them to reset it. They told me to call every month to have it done if it slows down. Why should I have to?!?! I was blatantly lied to by this crook of a company on so many aspects of this entire situation.The service is trash. My phone takes forever to load things even on their ""5G"" and half the time my phone goes to 4GLTE WHICH IS SLOWER THAN WHAT I PAY FOR!! I have to use my wifi at home lately bc service is so slow things wont load its ridiculous.  Do not waste your money on this company. Shady business!"
"Had to put a star.we have never dealt with a company where customers service is so shocking as we have now been waiting since 30/09/24 for broadband connection. Since then our original order which was through U Switch was cancelled apparently due to missing calls from Vodafone ( which were not necessary as we were given an installation date ) and they had offered us £200 approx credit due to delays caused by Vodafone, also £95 voucher from U Switch when we made contact with Vodafone after taking the day off work awaiting installation, we were informed “ connection cancelled all offers were now void ie credits and we needed to try again “ frustrated we did this and were told by “ Amir” that connection date was now 19/11/24 we also explained to “ Amir” that we were away this week, BUT, came home to SIX missed calls on our landline and had received a text on mobile and would call us back within the hour?! No call on mobile ( again? We had an installation date so why all these calls??) We told the chap we just called…..would you believe his name was “ Amir” and said forget it we may as well stick with our current provider to omit any further stress."
"Complete junk. I will have a voicemail show up and my phone didn’t even ring. And then if it does ring, it takes forever for the voicemail to show until it transcribes it to text because T-Mobile thinks thats needed.  All of a sudden weird things happen on my phone like my navigation apps don’t know where I am. Their cellular service is junk. I have better cellular service with them with 2G coverage when I’m overseas than I do with them in the United States. I also don’t have enough reception for my apps to stay on. I click on an app and it turns off immediately."
"Absolutely garbage phone service and the customer service is way worse than anyone could imagine. Have insurance on our phones and were told we still have to pay $200 to have the glass fixed.No point in doing business with this company based on what I've mentioned and when you add in how many data leaks they've had, it's beyond comprehension how they are still in business."
"Network connection has repeatedly failed on a new account.  Support staff are polite and can see the problem, but dont seem to be able to fix it.  Three weeks on a new contract and still a non functioning phone...."
"recently received notice my wireless bill will increase by 20.00 (note 20 year ATT customer)  when i called to inquire i was told they no longer offer the plan i was grandfathered into but i could switch to another plan for less with paperless billing and auto pay i explained i am not comfortable with auto pay to a company who has been breeched more than once.  i was basically told ""oh well""  you would think that ATT with be more considerate of their long-term customers as a result i will be canceling my account by years end.  once again ATT puts profit over customers"
Don’t go to the Miller Lane (Butler Township Ohio) store. They are thief’s. They stole my two phones I turned in and now am getting charged 2000. I have the boxes and serial numbers and now must contact the Ohio Attorney General today after they said the employees working there were all fired. They’ve been running us around for several months with excuses and say they are fixing but never do anything. They will be getting a call this week from a Consumer Complaint Specialist from the Attorney General’s office.
"Bought a iphone thru the ATT app. Didn't like it. Return started the next day. AWFUL. Chat told me to return at ATT store. Went to store. Said I couldn't return it there because the app was ""a different company""??? Back to Chat. Sent me UPS label. Dropped at UPS. UPS tracking said delivered. 5 days later, it was returned to me with no info. Chat again. Sent me another UPS label. Dropped off at UPS. UPS said delivered. Chat said no info on return for 3 weeks! Finally get email saying return received - nothing further to do, any charges will be removed. Next bill - upgrade charges, new installment plan, tax on new phone there. Chat again. Said maybe it would be removed on the next bill!!!! This was insane. The people on Chat don't know anything. ATT doesn't know what it's doing. Can NEVER talk to a person on the phone despite waiting for hours. All together - spent at least 10-15 hours on multiple days on this problem and each time nothing was resolved, just messed up more. It's really ridiculous, frustrating,  and impossible."
"We were quoted $30 a line. The first bill was over $1,000! We were on the phone for 6 hours trying to correct it. Finally it was corrected and we were sent an email, because we had to request it, of what our monthly bill should be. Seven months later we still are not billed correctly. It constantly shift from $500-$800. We then call and spend hours on the phone to get it to $450.00 were it belongs. This company should be out of business."
"I wish I could give -5 stars. Unbelievably unethical behavior.Here's my story- I left them for Verizon. When I closed my account they said that we were all settled up and there were no other charges.- 9 months later, I get a credit report alert that they created a new charge and sent it to collections. No phone call, text, or email as a warning.- I call them, after 4 hours they agree that they would honor the promise originally made (that there would be no further charges) and would remove the charge. I think that's the end of it- One year later, I get another credit alert. They didn't remove the charge, they just sat on it it- Call them up, they accuse me of lying that this previous exchange ever happened (even though I read them the notes I made during the call from the incident) and insist that the charge is valid- I agree to pay the ransom to make the problem finally go away ($241)Stay away"
"AVOID AVOID AVOID!! (Their customer service  number is not free)Update :30/10: Day 7.  internet finally on after an engineer visited. BUT no phone line.Update: 29/10: Day 6. No response from the CEO Max Taylor. Father waited 24 hours. No change. Now VF are sending an engineer to the home tomorrow.Update 28/10: Day 5. No response from the CEO Max Taylor who I emailed last night. 11 am this morning VF called my father and asked the same question they have asked every day. Any change? My father said no and VF said he would passed to another team. Never heard from VF again. So father rang again at 15:30. VF said wait 24 hours.They have left my elderly parents (85 yrs and 87 years) vulnerable with no landline or internet. After a failed activation date on the 23/10.  They have no solid landline access to 999 emergency service's, or the internet for medication or banking. It is now the 27/10 and still no change  VF customer services have not prioritised the problem instead giving my father the run around by daily saying reset your router. Absolute imbeciles!!"
How are they able to change my phone number and my password to my T-Mobile app without consent. It is beyond me. Then want to charge me to switch it back. I have a terminal illness this was the cherry on top I'm headed to hospital.
"T-Mobile Business Internet is (still) a mess and a joke.As both a T-Mobile Home Internet user AND T-Mobile Business Internet user, it is astounding how different the user experience is for both products.  Through my experience, it is straight forward and simple on the T-Mobile Home Internet side to have questions answered, access my account, and to ultimately receive internet.On the contrary, the business process is a mess.  For one, you work through a representative, which sounds good in theory to have that personal experience; however, that representative changed hands 4 times in the first year.  So, when they ""accidentally"" sent me 3 boxes and charged me separately for all 3 lines, you would think they'd have documentation and process in place for handing things off when a representative changes.  Nope.  Not at all.  Not only did it require multiple e-mails and phone calls to explain the situation, the previous representative was told to ""no longer work my account"" by their manager, so they couldn't step in and help if they wanted to (so I'm told).  Just an odd way to conduct business if you want to provide that ""personal"" touch through representatives.Adding another layer of poor a poor user experience.  There is a business support line (which, makes sense as representatives don't want to handle the simple day-to-day things like changing a password), but the issue here is the inconsistency of both sides forwarding you to the other for things that are above a password reset and below needing a new product.  It's incredibly frustrating as a user of this product.Oh - one more example of how poor the business home internet processes are.  When selling my business and changing hands, instead of transferring the my device and my account to the new owner, they sent him a new device and added that device onto my account.  So although I was able to cancel my device, my account remained active receiving charges from the new device they sent the new business owner.  All through this, no communication was received on my end.It's just shocking to me how poor the Business Internet process and experience is relative to the Home Internet.  Could not contrast more."
"Whatever you do, don't use this company! I was late on my bill (my fault) so ATT suspended my service. (I understand) But when I tried to contact them, I was in their official site for two hours trying to pay my bill and restore service. Then they OVERCHARGED me by $100 and now they send me nasty emails saying that I still owe them money!!"
"Having to write this review is my last option I brought a Vodafone 4Gmobile hotspot device to use in my flat monthly payment of 20 pounds for two years. After two month the device stopped working, I went back to the shop Leicester LE14FGi spoke to an adviser Aneesh basically told me that he couldn’t do anything I explained this was the only source of internet I had and I needed it for work. Due to my role, I am not allowed to work in public places so that was not a option. He than offered to change the sim which I said yes to when he opened the device he was that the battery was damaged he than called him supervisor over Hussni who said they couldn’t do anything and I should phone 191 customer service. I came home and did this I was told that the store should have booked the repair in and offered a solution I was than put on hold to speak with the repair team for over a hour than got cut off. I phoned back the next day again I was advised that would get a call back from the repair team which never happened that I called back again the evening spoke to an advisor who told me to go back to the store an they should give me a temporary device. which I did I was serviced by the same person Avneesh I told him that I was told by the customer advisor that you should have booked the device in for repair however you just told me to ring customer service he then called his supervisor over who started to verifier his story two people against one I just told them to stop arguing with me and help he with my issue. While I was in the store, I had to ring customer service team.Who told me that after speaking to his manager they could not do anything and that I would have to wait 6 to 10 days. I just couldn’t believe it I told my work colleagues and friends who again couldn’t believe it such poor service"
Total scam if you are a veteran. They promise Vets a better monthly price to lure them in. Then they offer a ridiculous trade in offer that makes the bill higher than if you don't qualify for a discount.
"I have had a terrible experience with Vodafone UK. Despite paying for the fastest internet package, I constantly face issues with connectivity and speed. To make matters worse, my monthly bill was increased due to mistakes made by one of their branch staff on my account.When the product was sold to me, I was misled about its details. When I tried to cancel my contract after realizing this, they refused, leaving me stuck in a frustrating situation. For months, I have been dealing with ongoing stress and what feels like a kind of trauma caused by their unprofessional service and lack of support.I have repeatedly tried to seek help to resolve my issues, but I’ve found no professional or effective assistance. I’m tired of calling and asking for help, only to get nowhere. I feel completely trapped in my contract and am counting down the days until it ends.I cannot wait to be free from this awful service. I would not recommend Vodafone to anyone based on my experience."
"Started the switching process 20th September. Connection ""possibly"" 20th December. The date just keeps moving.Useless."
Another one star review for at&t and i don’t feel  about even getting to explain why. The worse many stealer phone company.
"Way too expensive not worth it .. what I pay for two lines is ridiculousl I have recently left AT&T … not only are they expensive when they had that quick outage they didn’t compensate anyone and if they did, it was for small amounts other than that they don’t do anything for you. They might give you a seven dollars off of $300 bill but what is that not my cup of tea"
Terrible customer service I upgraded router to the new one and sent the old one back with ups  now they saying that the was damage because the little paper sticker in the back is scratched and they charged me  79.00 dollars for it . Impossible to resolve issue. Supervisors are useless  and uncaring . I'm ready to drop the whole service . Feels like scam
"In the last 5 months I have been without internet for 4 weeks. This time I had an appointment on Tues and nobody showed up. They texted me after 7pm to say they couldn't come and I would be ""priority"" for the next day. Apparently we have different definitions of priority as it is 3:30pm on Wed and I'm still waiting 😡Finally heard from a tech at 5:15, it will be fixed tomorrow"
They had been charging me a year after i canceled my service. Please be careful with this service provider. they don't care and just take your money for nothing
T-Mobile is refusing to honor their Phone insurance policy with me. Instead they want me to buy a new phone. This is INSURANCE AND CONSUMER FRAUDThey want me to pay $1400 for a new phone when I pay $18 a month to cover my phone. THIS IS THE BIGGEST SCAM EVER.. What a joke they are as a company. I really think they are doing this because I am a senior
"Wish there was a zero stars option! I’ve been waiting for over3 months for a full refund of £189.08! Despite making 3 phone calls, and being told 3 times that the money would be refunded to my bank account in approx 7-10 days, over 3  months later and still nothing! Talk about “Easy Switch” this has been absolutely nothing short of an absolute nightmare, do not use these cowboys for your home broadband, they over promise and under deliver. If you wait in all day for connection, trust me, they will not turn up, nor will they let you know that they’re not turning up! Then they will arrange with you a different date to come connect you, you will wait in all day for them to turn up, and guess what! You will get another no show! Disgusting behaviour!"
Awful internet coverage. Two days this week no internet at all. Vodafones response there are many factors that affect this. But this wasn't just for a short period of time they are offering no service at all. Dealing with customer service is painful as they really aren't very helpful and don't all adopt the same practice. Had many different providers over the years and Vodafone has been the worst. If you don't want to risk pulling your hair out in frustration at an internet company can't provide the one service your paying for avoid!!! I will expect the usual standard response to a review they always provide. Please phone us do we can help. Well after hours of trying to get anywhere with Vodafone I refuse to spend anymore time dealing with them. I get notifications saying I asked to change things I haven't. Shambles of a company.
We got a contract with AT&T through Sam’s club.  They offered a good rate with a discount for returning our old phones.  We mailed our old phones to the address provided and never received the discount.  When we called them they said they never received them.  We called trying to correct the situation but were unable to.  Now we got our new bill and there was an extra $40 on it.  Now they claim that a promotional offer through Sam’s club ran out and we will have this charge until our contract runs out.  This was never stated when we started our service.  We will never use them again.  Horrible experience from the beginning
"Unfortunately, I have very bad experience with Vodafone lately. I have signed two broadband contracts with the company end of 2023 and earlier 2024. The sales persons told me if I keep my mobile with the company, I will have royalty discount of 3 pounds on each broadband. As the royalty discount has been applied in previous years, I didn't doubt it. However, this has not been applied afterwards. The company argued that this can not be applied to the account and they can not found the voice record. I have already spent a lot of time calling them and things are still not being resolved! I would like to warn everyone, record everything they said yourself!"
4 hours of my day on hold with ATT today about a downed line in my yard after a recent storm. You know how far I got? BEING TOLD TO GO TO A LOCAL STORE TO FIGURE IT OUT BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE AN ACCOUNT WITH THEM!!!! are you kidding me??
"I phoned up to buy broadband and was offered an upgrade on my handset. I specifically asked for the lowest priced airtime plan and only found out they did not sign me up to this one until later. I asked if they could just amend the airtime plan to the cheapest one and they said no. They said I had to physically drive to the shop and the shop could amend the airtime plan and I could keep the handset. Drove to the shop who said not only they can’t do that but I couldn’t give them the handset to cancel the contract I had to go home and phone them and then post the handset. I have now been on the phone an hour and a half being told there is nothing they can do I have to wait in 2 days for collection then wait up to a further 14 days for the device to be credited to my account before I can even re order. In this time I will be charged the new plan until my account is reverted back to normal. I have never known such bad service and complicated rules in any other company. Ironically my husband is a Vodafone pensioner who is disabled roving thru treat ex staff and customers the same VERY BADLY. How is it so difficult for them to admit they mis sold this plan, fur me to keep the handset and them just alter the airtime plan or even reduce the cost down to the advertised one. I have now got to wait at home 2 days for collection. Every time you phone Vodafone you get a different answer from every member of staff. We have been with them for 40 years but no loyalty. They made a mistake and we are the ones being penalised. Dave yourselves the wasted time and effort and buy direct from Apple"
Rubbish company. Overcharged me
"Even one star is too much for such a thief company.I am extremely disappointed with my experience with AT&T not only have I been charged with unexplained fees, but the way my device return was handled is unacceptable. I followed their instructions exactly and used the prepaid label they provided to send back my phone. I even have proof of delivery with tracking umber, the original receipt of USPS, yet they are now falsely claiming they never received it.This situation has cost me both time and money, and their customer service has been unhelpful throughout the entire process. Instead of taking responsibility, they are pushing the burden on me, which is absolutely unfair. I trusted them, but unfortunately, this company seems more interested in dodging accountability than resolving legitimate issues and ripping of their customer with lies and nonsense.I would not recommend AT&T  to anyone—be careful if you need to return anything or dispute a charge and for sure they steal your money.Max. Abedian"
Bad experienceI Lost 1 hourtime for nothingNot recommendBad idea to go A Brixton  branch
Absolute rubbish company to deal with. I was supposed to be connected Wednesday evening and still no Internet or phone line on Friday.  If you try and contact them you are just pushed from pillar to post and nobody helps you. Just keep getting told 'you need to wait 72 hours before we can escalate your case'. Worst customer service ever.
These people are horrible.. T-Mobile is much better. Especially if you need to set up a payment arrangement.
"I sent my iphone back with the label provided and was told they never received it.  Months later $400 was taken out of my checking.  Wow!  During this time, I was full-time caregiver for my mom who was dying.  I will never trust or use this immoral company again.  Beware!"
"Where do I start?My wifi has been down for three days and counting, which is also how long I have tried unsuccessfully to reach someone who can help. Oh yeah, they also have me locked out of my system, and I can get no help with that either. Chat says they need to access my account and apparently they cannot help. Voice line says there's a wait, but they never call back when you request it. I am DONE."
"I’ve been a Vodafone customer for 8 years, but I’m leaving because their network has become completely unreliable. For months, I’ve dealt with constant network issues—poor signal, slow internet speeds, and frequent outages. Despite contacting customer service multiple times, nothing has been resolved. I rely on a stable connection for work and everyday use, and Vodafone has let me down.To make matters worse, they’re now trying to charge me £206 to leave, even though the reason I’m leaving is entirely due to their inability to provide the service I’m paying for. After nearly a decade of loyalty, I expected better treatment. Vodafone should take responsibility for their own network issues instead of punishing long-term customers for leaving. I’m not sure what to? Very disappointing."
"Customer service is in a different country than where I'm at, U.S. They don't know the US and they couldn't find my address in Vermont. And it took them 40 minutes on hold to find the nearest T-MOBILE store in Burlington (after I gave them the location). I found it on Google maps in 3 minutes but stayed on hold until they found it. So bad."
So so bad.   I left ATT 30 yrs ago because they were so awful.    Their automated  AI endless virtual customer service loop is useless.   Trying to reinstall voicemail.   Awful.
"Horrible customer service. I was a 20 year customer and the past couple of years the customer service has taken a nose dive. After T-Mobile customer service kept messing with my account because autopay failed to work, I was locked out of my account without a PIN and there after customer service would not help me since I had no PIN.I ported my numbers out to another company and T-Mobile continued to make it difficult to even pay my last bill. I paid my final bill using the web page address in the final bill letter to pay as guest. I thought I was finally done but that was not the case.I ended up getting a call from a collection agent stating I owe T-Mobile for the final bill. I provided REF# from my payment and I still could not get it resolved.I ended up filling a complaint with FCC and got an email from T-Mobile Executive Response Team. I called the ERT member as asked in the email and we finally spoke. ERT argued with me telling that the account was not in collection and disagreed with me about being called by a collection agent. He was able to locate payment and apply to my final bill. But even though the issue was resolved the customer service was still bad and only got resolution since it was a FCC complaint."
"Tried to call to notify change of address, but office was closed so changed online. 6 weeks later, received a bill in excess of £154 - cancellation fee. Explained the situation with moving house and my intention to arrange reconnection at new property, but told 'because I made address change on line and didn't call to order new connection' the charge stands. Only with them 1 month, was preparing to switch 3 mobile accounts from o2 to Vodafone as well, but not now. Good riddance"
"Unless you are prepared to take out a contract (very poor value for money) I would give Vodafone a wide berth. I took out a PAYG sim with them with a view to changing to pay monthly and was unable to upgrade to a contract when the 'great value' contracts they offered were impossible to access. Changed providers and was due a refund. Of course, they didn't want to pay out and after claiming I would be refunded, I had to chase them up when the refund failed to materialise. One hour of wasted time later, I was told they had 'ordered a refund'...so what did they do in the first place? I'll believe the refund when I see it. Poor customer service and treat their PAYG customers like garbage. Will never use this company again.UPDATE: As expected, the usual bog-standard reply pretending that they care. They don't. Already wasted my time 'reaching out' to you and I'm not going to waste more time doing it again. Just enjoy your rubbish review and hopefully it will put some people off using your dreadful service."
"If you are going to start a journey with any of the AT&T services, be ready for the traps, lies, inconsistency, regret….This was my second attempt to work with AT&TNothings has changed they are same."
I made the mistake of signing up for Lookout security with Vodafone at the start of my contract. After a year of paying for something that I didn’t use I contacted Vodafone by phone to ask them to cancel Lookout security. I was told it was cancelled as the year long subscription had ended but I continue to be charged nearly £6 more a month for something I asked to be cancelled.
"the worst service on th f planet, they just scammed me like crazy on 26 euros."
Telling a customer you will not attempt to fix the problem without billing you is outrageous.  Having to spend 5 hours on the phone trying to speak to anyone who can help you is just silly.  Having to spend hours to even cancel account...
The fker att customer is sh… The retail and the customer all different. They all dodging around just to make you pay more and more…. Even if you are 10 yrs customers or 10 lines with them you are not getting anything as loyalty. Dont go to att
we just switched to At&t  at costco coming from T-mobile the customer service are the horrible we was on the for many hours and days just to exchange  s 24 Plug with abs issue . they still put us on hold for hourswe will look for a diffrence company as soon as possible.
"I moved into a townhouse in March and was getting an internet service installed through AT&T we were told they were the service provider. During the service a woman name Taylor came in and later tall man came asking us change our phone service to them. They said it would make our bill 150 cheaper every month. Taylor said she would take care of everything. She said for my Verizon phone she give me 1,000 voucher to pay that off. She said we won’t worry about IPads. But what they didn’t tell me to change with them I’d have to pay extra 400 for iPad and she didn’t pay off T-Mobile phones like she said she would. I got call 10 months bill collector saying I owe T-Mobile 1600 out blue no bill was ever sent or anything. They said they would send the bill with the bill with break down to my account but they didn’t instead they put it on my credit. I try to talk Taylor when she’s not in the hospital for her child or her self from my experience when you try call her with any questions. She will just go on and on how she gave us 1000 voucher. The 1000 voucher was just suppose cover the Verizon phone. She said she cover the T-Mobile phones she did not. Her number is +1 (404) 863-6450. Be aware I can’t find her first name or her actual place of work anywhere on signed paperwork. AT&T going around ripping people off. As soon as I can get there phones paid off I’ll never do business with them again"
"My web order number is WEB-0001000040598605. Joined with a SIM only deal on the 7th of October. What a big mistakeI I can't make outgoing calls because the Wifi Calling isn't stable, and when making an outbound call, it takes around 30 seconds or more to connect. I should've learned my lesson from a few years back, when I ended up having to pay this company £2K for two rubbish contracts. What Vodafone also don't tell you is that the majority of their shops are franchises, by this I mean that someone moves into an empty shop, gets phones from Vodafone, puts their branding around the shop, and the Vodafone name above the door, but doesn't have a vested interest in customer service, or anything to do with selling devices. Also, when you decide to end your contract early, by way of a PAC or STAC code, you get a text from Vodafone, saying that ""your early termination fee is £x"", it doesn't tell you how this is worked out, or if it's VAT exempt, or when, and if VAT will be added at all, or when the final bill is produced, which in my opinion, is just a backhanded way of legally robbing customers of their cash."
"I am going around in circles with there complaints department a guy called Huzefa where he states my broadband purchase was cancelled because it wasn't set up correctly, but won't elaborate on why, what was the issue? This is ironic when I questioned a incorrect price they then cancel the deal!"
I was a long time customer back in august 2023 i cancel my dirct tv with them and now im getting a bill for 2 months and i've been calling them since april asking them whats going on and all they can say this charges are ligit how can they be ligit if i cancel my direct tv with them the people i talked to cant do nothing i told them how can it be ligit if i cancel august 2023 all i told them was close my account with me not owing you guys nothing and we will be done they have some rude as people working there and managers are something else i will never do anything with them ever again
Not a disabled-friendly company. It is difficult talk with them and they have a messy voice talking expecting a disabled to insert number or else.
Worse people to deal withManagers a d supervisors will not talk to. Customers and no help puts you on hold than transfers you to another useless rep.I will never recommend any one to them
Phone support is available after an hour wait at which time the untrained agent will need to transfer you (another 45 minutes) to the next bozo who will waste another 40 minutes of your time before finally telling you to call again tomorrow. The att goal is to tire you out until you quit trying to get the problem resolved. The worst support in the industry. Every other carrier is better than att.
"Sandra Carr, from the ""Office of the President"" is a professional con artist.  She raised my wireless price from $50 per month to $78 per month because I filed a complaint against her and AT&T with the Better Business Bureau for scamming with intentional infliction of emotional distress and because I am a senior citizen over 70 years of age and is discriminating against me because of my age and my complaints."
"If travelling to the US and needing a pre-paid plan, Do not buy AT&T’s. It is complicated to set up and there is no customer support. Until you have an account number you can’t access customer support but to get an account number you need customer support. Surely in 2024 a company can do better."
"These guys really dragged me through hell, couldn't port my number over, even though they tried several times. The guy at the at&t store was a totally rude jerk and flat out told me that they ""weren't going to sell me a phone "" I have outstanding credit and no criminal background. Go anywhere but here for service of any kind."
"I had a frustrating experience with T-Mobile earlier this year. The service representative provided a lot of misinformation and didn't represent the T-Mobile brand well at all. I was misled about qualifying for the $300 gift card, which I never received. Additionally, I was billed $6.26 for an invalid charge, which was the main reason I decided to switch my service back to Spectrum. When I called customer service to resolve the bill, the representative claimed he needed manager approval but didn't offer any real assistance. Overall, my experience was disappointing, and I hope T-Mobile improves its customer service."
"We had AT&T wireless for 8 months, and the service was SO TERRIBLE, we needed to switch back to TMobile. We asked AT&T to unlock our phones 3 days before the end of the billing cycle, so we wouldn't get charged for another month. But sneaky AT&T would not and did not unlock our phones until the first day of the new billing cycle, when we were finally able to free. THEN, they charged us $125 for the new billing cycle, even though they held our phone numbers hostage beyond when we asked for termination. Seems like fraud to me!!"
In/out phone service for a week.... NO SERVICE for last 3 days.... totally unable to make and or receive calls as well as texts.... No cooperation with ATT as rep claims problem has been resolved
I just switched phone service from Metro pcs to AT&T. I cannot believe that Metro Pcs service is better than AT&T I can’t use my phone half of the time because the service is bs.
T Mobile will extract as much money as possible from you. The company is not trusted or truthful in any sense. They promised me a great deal on a phone if I sent mine in any condition. After they received it they said the screen was cracked and will charge me an additional $26 a month for 24 months. They lied!
"This provider is a scam, cheat and a Lier.I have been with T-Mobile for several years with 3 lines, paying $105 a month which includes unlimited data.Last year they changed my plan without telling me and said it was a special offer, I ended up paying more and had to call them to revert to my original plan.I  have been in the UK for a while now, they blocked my unlimited data and roaming service, they said I was using too much data! I called them they were rude and would not restore my data and roaming service. I would give them a BIG 0 STAR if I could. I will be looking for another provider when I go back. What a big SCAM company."
AT&T took $1845.15 from my account via automatic pay for a bill their customer service agent in the Philippines told me on a RECORDED line that the charges had been FORGIVEN. I have had a small business relationship with them for over 10 years that is decimated today by this action.
Extremely rude customer service. I was forced to go to them after being with sprint for ten years and they merged to T-Mobile. They won’t work with you at all. My bill is always way higher than it’s supposed to be and what it was agreed upon. My bill goes up hundreds of dollars randomly. Awful company. I’m looking into changing asap.
Well where should i begin basically your customer sevice with me was sxxx! To say the least i do not rate you 1 star is too good in fact minus stars are all you deserve and all i wanted to do was add an additional 8 day roaming pass to my plan as i am on holiday in spain when i get back to england i will be making a formal complaint and looking to ditch my contract with your stupid  company and opening up a contract with another provider so goodbye vodafone  from a very unhappy and disgruntled customer yours truly and sincerely paul hancock!!! Bath uk.
"They ordered me a phone I didn't want nor consent to and charged me 80 dollars. I've tried calling, but they refuse to look into it and give me a refund."
"If I could give negative 100 stars, I WOULD! I was with AT&T prepaid service and when I went to port my number (which I ported to them from cricket!) They locked my line! They put what they called ""fraud protection"" on it and refused to release it!!! So now I had to get an entire new number because they refused to release my number! I can not believe this crap! I've had that number for 10 years and now I had to change it! I am so mad! I also want a refund since you renewed my plan today!"
"The director of phone support should be arrested and deported. The goal of ATT phone support is to keep you on hold until to give up. After the minimal hour wait, you will speak to an agent that will need to transfer you to anoth agent. Another hour wait. Then an agent will tell you that they fixed the problem but they didn't. Days or weeks later you will start the whole process over. Stay away from ATT. Every other phome service has better support."
I can have 5g internet both mobile and in home wifi with perfect connection and somehow unable to get anything done cause its always loading and even received calls and missed them the voicemail comes thru a day late i cannot express enough that tmobile is just garbage
"T-mobile contacted me about their 5G home internet service. The t-mobile rep offered me one price, but when the bill arrived it was over 50% more. I called and was told that offer had expired, and they would not honor the price. But I never asked for it. It was T-Mobile who made the offer. I am a current t-mobile customer and have been for years. Now how can I trust an offer or anything that I'm told going forward. Too bad!"
Deserve zero stars. Called and canceled my ATT internet the first of June. It was turned off 7/7 and charging me for service 7/2. They bill for upcoming months. They owe me a refund for crappie DSL service and will not refund my money. I live on a fixed income and had new service connected the first of June and had yo pay for tgat upfront too
"Spent 6.5 hours today with ATT customer service and @ four - five different representatives and an alleged manager. They are the absolute worst I’ve ever experienced when it comes to service, being helpful, outright lying, nor honoring what they are offering on their web. It started with a simple question on AARP discounts ATT offers, and the amount of ineptitude, misinformation, spin, not knowing the information on most anything, bait/switch, upselling, differing information, changing conditions/pricing at nearly every turn was reprehensible. Then their practice of blaming the customer on not understanding after all their bait/switches, misinformation, and oops…sorry we now can’t offer that…, etc. I’ll be looking for other carriers. Truly terrible and taking advantage of customers."
"I've had an ongoing problem with Vodafone roaming abroad, Vodafone responded to my review before to get in touch to see if they could help me.I got some more excuses and was sorry for the customer service miss leading me, the offer of £5 was made to me which I refused, £5 for being miss informed going abroad not being able to access information where I am where to all my itinerary all my apps and flights.Not happy at all.For sure I will be leaving Vodafone.No need for more help Vodafone."
The guy on the chat line was the most unhelpful guy ever. I gave him my new sim pay monthly order number which I received from Vodafone but he wouldn’t accept this number? I’ll just go to Vodafone store. What a waste of time the chat line is.
"Lindsey came to my house on 4/12/24 offer a $1000 gift card. I’ve received $800. I have called rewards and they say it has to come from Lindsey, Lindsey refused to answer up till today. She provided me her boss email. I got the first gift cards around the end of May. June 4th she “submitted a ticket” and said the card was shipped but never activated. Since June I’ve heard no contact till today and she was very demanding on not speaking with me. I’ve emailed her “boss” and no luck.. this company offers false promises. Do Not Recommend BEWARE OF LINDSEY A SALES REP THAT COMESTO YOUR HOME!!!"
"AT&T installed new high speed internet lines into my neighborhood.  They came to my door offering the new internet service that included a $20 monthly discount because I had AT&T internet at my another residence in another city.  When my discount did not show up on my first bill, I called them and they said the discount would take several months to take effect but I would eventually be credited for the discounted amount.  After four months I called customer service again about getting the discount applied to my bill and receiving the credit for the first four months.  I was told by the supervisor that I would not be receiving the discount at all because I had moved  residences in the other city.  They said I would get the discount because I had another internet account. I still have that internet account in another residence 2 miles from the original one.  Their excuse not to give me the discount seems very unfair.  I will take them to arbitration and will be very surprised if I lose due to fairness and common sense."
"My boyfriend had just switched to T Mobile while he was cleaning up flood damage in MN and had destroyed his previous phone in the water. We were told we could drive to a store to pay his bill as he  did not want to be late. There were a total of 5 people working at this location. We were aware that a couple of them were training, however no one in the store really had a solid idea on how to handle a simple transaction. They had originally told us that we could make the payment no problem, then were informed that they would not accept a check so we said okay, we can pay cash. Then we were told they could do an e check but that also turned out to be impossible somehow. When it was decided that we would just pay cash, the employee informed us that it would be an extra $5.00 charge to pay in store! That is horrible customer service. We made sure to drive to a location to pay the bill to your company so it would not be late and we are going to be punished for that? For a new customer, or any customer for that matter, it does not show much confidence in the company."
"Having cancelled my phone contract (or so I thought!) in 2022, I have discovered Vodafone have continued to charge me. This despite my having rung them and explaining that as they were offering such poor renewal deals, I would purchase a phone and contract from a 3rd party. Bizarrely this was a Vodafone contract still, but I was not allowed to port my number. My old number was completely dead, so I assumed it was cancelled. Over 55 minutes on the phone, mostly on hold. Shocking customer service on all levels."
"The biggest thieves in this country are ATT and they justify everything, the service is not so good, they are professional thieves"
I am disappointed because I am leaving Vodafone and I need to pay more bills even if my contract finish today.Be aware when you will leave this company.I am not happy with Internet connection also they take money each year for contract.Leave6!
We ordered two sync up devices and T-Mobile will not activate the devices without us having to travel to a store and verify who we are.  Spend the extra money and go with Verizon or AT&T.
"They would get a 0 if I could. We shut service down for many of the same reasons you see here. We received a bill -$45.00 so the owed me, but instead continued to charge my card. When contacted they said we owed them some $125.00 then sent me to a collection agency when I stopped payment on my card. Now I get another bill -$45.00 yet won't give it back."
Absolute scammers I purchased one of their plans having no idea it was basic plan wasn’t even told and apparently because I’m on a basic plan I can’t pay for premium rate which I need  text that is the most stupidest thing ever it should be standard on any plan not to mention none of the terms of conditions were discussed with me in store so I entered into an agreement which I had no idea I couldn’t do certain things ridiculous ￼
"Closing this account has been a nightmare.  I have been to the store three times to request that the account be closed, with each time getting a verbal confirmation, yet each month they continue to bill my account.  I have spent countless hours on the phone as well.  I finally had to close our bank account to prevent further charges.  After over $1000 of fraudulent charges, T-Mobile still refuses to provide documentation that the account has been closed, or to refund the charges.  I'm now exploring what to do in response to this fraudulent interaction."
Awful companyAvoidPaying for premium broadband and getting pathetic lagging wifi download speeds of 5mps. Barbaric. On the phone 3 hours and got nowhere. No support no resolution nothing. Avoid if you don't want to lose your sanityWe did all the tests someone from management was supposed to call me back but never did.I'm taking my complaint to ofcom as the vodafone customer service team are useless. I will also be changing provider
Att sucks and att customer service is worthless
Having  absolute nightmare with these. Installed boardband. 3 days later disconnected and no notifications email  phone call or letter. Spend over hours on the phone  still boardband not working. These are worse  than talktalk.
"My Vodafone broadband over time became extremely sluggish and I contacted Vodafone to find out the cause and I was told I was still on some old copper wire. As my home could not get full fibre, I was then sold a partial fibre upgrade which was meant to significantly improve the performance and Vodafone gave an assurance I would get a guaranteed minimum speed of 50Mbps download and about 18Mbps upload. Given I was getting less than 10Mbps on the copper line, I signed up for the upgrade. Post the upgrade, the performance is still the same. I am now trying to get the upgrade cancelled as I am still inside of the 14 days cooling off period but Vodafone customer service just keep passing me around from one team to another for such a simple cancellation request. The customer service is beyond a joke!"
"Well , I've just moved my home broadband to VodaFone and tonight I have had my first interaction were I'm trying to get support for logging into my account so I can set up the equipment. I wish I could give a zero. The outcome from support was I should try again later when I asked if I could make a complaint I was told it could take 20-30 mins did I still want to do that, when I said yes there response was I need to provide input every 3-5 mins I asked multiple time if the person was there and was finally reponded to. The operator has said they will make a complaint and someone MAY call me within 10 days but they could not provide any details or reference number to track my complaint. As my first interaction from a new supplier I am very less than impressed, I will try again later but if I still cant get the system working I'll be cancelling my contract in the 14 days allowed. Very poor performance and not good first impressions."
"Their customer service is a nightmare, with endless waits, they never understand the problem and have no resolutions.I have already written a review here but the only thing that they are able to say is to connect through social media for a solution which is quite ridiculous as I don't have them.I called customer support because I have a problem with the internet on my phone the advisor was completely unhelpful, rude, and did not provide any help she said that the manager would have called me in 1h but as I knew nobody called.I called again and the advisor said she would transfer me to a supervisor but as always even this person was unbothered to give a solution and said they said that the issue I have with my internet is not their problem.Absolutely unacceptable service! You pay for a service that doesn't exist and doesn't work."
"Guy that served us was constantly texting on his phone, I couldn't reach the card machine on the high table fire too being in a wheelchair. Tried to bully us into a talking an add on I didn't want them said he gave it to us free because he was a nice guy 🙄"
"I was a very happy Sprint customer for almost 15 years. Their cellular service was great and their customer service was always outstanding. I was afraid of what would happen when T-Mobile was allowed to purchase Sprint, as I had heard T-Mobile's customer service was nowhere near as good as Sprint. My fears were realized when my family split our accounts when they qualified for a cheaper plan due to their age. I made THREE attempts after the split to change my plan to save myself $40/month, and the first two times each representative said they had changed the plan and still I was charged $110 for a single line. By the 3rd time, I was understandably upset and the customer service representative tried to argue with me about WHEN the change was made to my account. After 10 minutes of this, I told her to forget it and that I was changing services. I am extremely disappointed and angry at the $80 they managed to 'steal' from me over the last 2 months. I do NOT recommend T-Mobile...EVER. Score: F"
"T-Mobile, is a very shady place, been trying for over a month to get my refund, talked to about 10 customer service people and have been getting the run around, think twice before dealing with the clowns in customer service, I never been so pissed off, never would recommend these people to anyone ,Oct 4th and still no refund as of today Nov 18"
I've been a customer for long first 6 months. I had a good experience then became the worst customer service.I’m Waiting to end up contract this year. Then bye-bye to Vodafone forever. Customer service can’t say it’s worse ( Not experienced telephone advisor at all)
"For 7 years we have had sky broadband with no issues at all.We changed to Vodafone for the price.Yesterday we had a guy come around and hook us up to Vodafone with no issues, all working fine, good speed etcThat was until 23:00 when we lost all broadband, we have called and logged an issue to be told it’s going to take two days to resolve! My husband works from home so this is absolutely not good enough.If you have supplier with good speed think twice before leaving."
How wrong I was he's a waste of space doesn't deserve a job
By far the worst carrier I've ever had I would leave them zero stars if that was an option
"T-Mobile will always be the worst company to deal with.  They can’t even get plans right.  They f’d my family plan and now I’m paying 30% more.  I was originally was with them for 18 years and left them because they were so bad.  I came back because a friend mine worked for them and told me they have changed.  Nah, same ole same shyster.  After I come back from business trip, I’m switching back to Verizon.  Little more expensive but their customer service is second to none.  They don’t screw up or mislead you to think that it’s free or at discount.  Scumbags!  I have filed a FCC complaint with their billing practices.  I doubt anything will happen but I'm done with this poop bag company"
This is my first day and i am not excited for what's to come. As soon as my contract started I was put on a free trial which was told I had to cancel by signing into my vodafone which is already annoying. Then I couldn't register to my vodafone to cancel the secure net plan thing so I called the customer service up. I said I had an issue with my vodafone and the customer service hung up on me and told me to go online to the Tobi bot to try and fix I. The tobi bot was useless so I asked for an advisor. the advisor manged to just remove my trial thing which I didn't want but told me I had to put a dot in the chat every 2 mins otherwise the chat would close down. Just awful service.
"I am an 11 year customer with multiple lines on my account. My wife and daughter upgraded their phones t-mobile sent 2 iPhone Pro phones when we had ordered the iPhone Pro Max. Upon contacting you, you sent a return label and we shipped the unopened boxes back to t-mobile. We were told once the shipped phones are received by the warehouse the new phones will be shipped out. The tracking number shows that you (the warehouse) received the iPhone Pro phones, shortly after we received the iPhone Pro Max phones. My account has still not been updated to show that the phones have been received in the warehouse.I’ve called T-Mobile customer service five times with each representative, claiming that they’re going to see this through and call me back. So far none of the reps or supervisors have resolved this issue. My last call I’ve escalated to second-level management promising to get me video surveillance showing when UPS dropped off the phones, and paper trail in the wearhouse to track what happened with the package and where it is now.. I received an email stating that they can’t help me with this matter and the phones can’t be found, therefore no refund will be issued.I’ve read through multiple threads on the internet, this appears to be an ongoing problem with this multi billion dollar company scamming and taking advantage of their customers. I am currently being charged over $2000.00 for Phones that I sent back to them and are not in my possession.T-Mobile is giving me many conflicting answers, some reps have said the phones have been received and it’s has not been scanned in, some are telling me the boxes were empty although they confirmed the weight of the packages indicate the phones would be in the box, and some reps are telling me that the package is nowhere to be found. We went to UPS and they confirmed delivery has been made. I have filed complaints with FCC, Department of Consumer Affairs and have reached out to multiple media agencies to get this issue on the media. I need resaloution but no one in your company seems to care."
Worst service all over United Kingdom.
"T Mobile has changed in the three plus years since we joined.  When we signed up, we opted for the then highest rate plan. Now that plan is not only a ""legacy"" plan, we receive fewer considerations for deals than someone with their bottom most rate plan, which is still a lower price than we pay.T mobile basically changed nothing but the name and wants to charge my family more per moth for the privilege of signing up for that.When you call customer service, they will make a deal with you, but tell you that the ""back office "" needs to approve it.  Then they will wait two weeks and finally call you to tell you that the ""back office"" has declined the deal and try to force you into the more costly new plans at no benefit to you.This is the essence of dishonest negotiations.Meanwhile, ATT is offering essentially the same service, at a lower price, and will still extend customers the trade in deals.  I think that it is only a matter of time before we change back to ATT."
For one week we didn’t have internet service we called them the The schedule it no one shows up not even a call to cancel three times i don’t understand have this company still in business
AT&T is absolutely awful. They have been trying to bury my fiber line for 5 weeks now. Came out today and severed my neighbor's line. Now they are out of service. Jump in the truck and sped away. Called customer service and go the run around. I have no idea when my ticket will be resolved.
"Vodafone disconnected my phone for the past 9 days, from Friday last week (18/10/24). Customer service is horrendous as none of them are helpful to reconnect the number so I can move to another provider and get back to work as I'm an agency worker and rely on calls to get work. Don't bother with them, use other providers, anyone but Vodafone."
"I recently called to lower my AT&T bill, as the bill was over $500.00 and there was a mistake. I had explained the situation of what had happened as I had sent a phone back and it was not taken off the bill. I was told "" I could lower my phone bill from two $230.00 to $ 209.00 and change plus tax"" with an additional line and a ""free"" phone. I should have known better as my bill is now over $300. I called to discuss the bill and  was disconnected by 2 customer service representatives. When I spoke with the first customer service representative on lowering my bill. Initially, on May 13th. I was on the phone for atleast an hour, never had one disconnection. I was being very polite although frustrated. When I spoke with the second customer was representative, he asked for a good contact number in case we got disconnected. I gave him my phone number and went over all the figures, the bill was higher than the first representatives figure! When I asked him how he arrived at that figure? We mysteriously got disconnected. Which his figure was more than the first representatives figure of $299.19. his figure was still over three hundred dollars and, that was with canceling some features I had on my phone. That is more than my car payment!!! It's ridiculous and obviously the AT&T  representatives lie to you. I am going to go down to the store tomorrow and cancel my service. Not to mention that I've been losing service at times for hours and It has been all over the news of the outages. I am done with you AT&T!"
"Absolutely disgusted with Vodafone's treatment of us after placing an order to switch our broadband to them from another supplier.Following the initial confirmation email on October 12th I subsequently heard nothing back from them. When the scheduled the date for the installation passed I contacted them asking for an explanation and was told that I failed a credit check. This despite the fact that I have never been refused credit, that I have never been overdrawn or in debt, that I am not even asking for credit, and that i have been a vodafone broadband customer at my second home for the past 2 years. This was all the more annoying because they had not bothered to contact me in any way to inform me that the order had been rejected.Well Vodafone you have not only failed to gain another customer, you have lost one as well, because you can be absolutely sure that after this experience, when my contract at the second home expires I will be switching to another provider."
"WORST COMPANY EVER...BUYER BEWARE!!!! AT&T got HACKED and my IMEI number was stolen on a phone I was in possession of, bought from ATT and they EVEN showed the DATE I purchased it from THEM, I went to the AT&T store, and showed them I still have the phone and my ID, they said: ""Oh we see where you purchased the phone from us."" I WAS a customer of theirs since 2017.  However, they did nothing to help me get my phone working, I spent 5 DAYS having to take time off work, calling customer service, and going to the store, I spent over $900.00 on this phone FROM THEM, THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS! I was told ""Sorry you will have to purchase another phone, on the 5th day of missed work because of THEM"" Gee how convenient for THEM! THEY DID NOTHING NO CREDIT, NO let's see what we can do for you since you have been a customer for 7 1/2 YEARS. NOTHING.  No thank you, I switched to MINT MOBILE which is WONDERFUL, Everyone should Switch from TRASH AT&T to MINT MOBILE! SERIOUSLY!"
"I’m sorry to say that in recent months we have found Vodafone in Hayward’s Heath absolutely diabolical in being helpful with situations that do not include signing a contract and buying a new phone.For example, my phone stopped working, we went into the store and we were told to send the phone off for assessment and repair as it was still under warranty. This was done and then two weeks later - without a phone, I received a letter that was sent back to say this was not done due to it being not under warranty. This was checked in store. I was without my phone for a month due to issues and mis communication and it is still not resolved. I had to buy a new phone with a new provider. It was blamed on them being a franchise and its Vodafone fault. That doesn’t help the customer and it’s just passing the buck. Personally, once the contract is up, I will not be going with Vodafone again. Apparently they can’t close accounts in store due to it being a franchise!"
"This is the company where you will never get the honesty , they have the worst   costumer service ever . I did huge mistake jumping out from T MOBILE to this weak connection service .so I got scammed from those representatives who they promote in Target .he said I will get 250$ per line and you can upgrade my old phone to newer which paying full amount right now ,beside that they make you easily frustrated when you just try to contact their bad costumer service. They only know one thing and that is their script. overall very disappointed  highly unrecommended:("
"I would give 0 Star if I could.  We purchased a Home Internet system - Home Internet Plus.  When we were done, they gave us 3 trackers for ""FREE"".  Two days later (including Thanksgiving"", we went to the store to return the trackers as we didn't think we would use them.  We were told that we had to pay $20/each restock fee to return them.  Nobody even asked us if we wanted them when we purchased the system.  They just put in the bag with the  internet package, without explaining any extra possible charges, such as if we lost one and others..  We feel that it was a scam designed by the company or the sales representatives working there were not honest."
"Unbelievable, I had to return a cell phone to T-Mobile and an IPad that was under warranty. The phone is fine but they sent me a different color ipad that was damaged with dents ans scratches. The representative assured me she would call me back to see if I should keep my iPad and return theirs or vice versa, she called me and said hold the iPads I am waiting for an answer but never called back now despite giving them the tracking numbers for both devices being returned they are billing me $1600 !!! Time to leave Tmobile no one can clarify the bill, a new rep is in contact with me who said she will have the old rep call me now the old rep calls back and says they can't take there own damaged replacement back!!!!"
"Hello, I applied for home internet from your Vodafone branch and they said it would be £30 per month but 3 home internets were opened in my name, two of them are mobile home internet and the other is normal home internet and the amount I have to pay monthly is £65. I do not know much English so why did you subscribe me so much, now I want to cancel it, you want a cancellation fee of £370, please cancel this subscription, I want normal home internet.Best kind regards"
What a waste of time paying for something your not received. Chat line is terrible just keep going over and over the same question. Paying for a mobile number i have never received. But refused to cancel and help .reply off Vodafone. Is going on to Facebook or Instagram what a lot off help this is never used Vodafone. Total rip-off.
"At my request, T-Mobile processed a suspension of my T-mobile home internet service and promised the monthly fee would be reduced from $50 to $10. As agreed, the service got suspended immediately but T-mobile continued to charge the full subscription amount of $50. When I called in again, the agent just said, sorry there was an update to our terms (= fineprint) and now when we suspend we continue to charge the full amount. Of course, this makes no sense whatsoever. Why even offer a suspension when you get charged no matter what. And not living up to the agreement is just fraudulent. Took me a lot of headaches and escalation to get the charge refunded and I just canceled my line. Goodbye T-Mobile. Never again! Current management seems to be on a mission to destroy all customer trust they once had."
ATT Service sucks sooooo bad.Can't believe how complicated it is to simple get logins for online account.CEO should be fired.
"I cannot express my disgust with the new t mobile adequately, but will try. I was a customer several years ago, and T Mo had great regional CS who answered within a few every time. For personal reasons ( left the country) I disconnected, then returned when back in the states. MY GOD. the new cs system is the worst WITH any corporation I know of. Since buying a phone (trade-in, but they have lied repeatedly that they never received it) I have had to contact CS 6 times, each time literally an hour wait for a sweet Phillipina, who promises solutions, which rarely appear. Not their fault, I'm not doing some racist stuff here, just TERRIBLE CORPORATE DIRECTION results. I Am now trying to unlock the paid for phone I bought from them 2 months ago, and none of the site stuff works, 2 CS agents ( 2 hours wait) are unable to unlock, now advised to wait 48 hours and call back. What a lesson in enshitification of a previously good company. Stay away!"
2 hours and 4 minutes on the phone to change my plan.  After 1 hr 50 mins they tell me unfortunately they can’t do it on the phone but I can do it online.  Stay on the phone I say and talk me through… 15 mins later they agree I can’t do it online.  Apparently someone will call me back now… I despair … 2 hours of my day wasted!!!!!!!!
"They make so much profit, but why is it impossible to make a good website for refilling your prepaid card???? Never again"
"On Monday 21 October, Vodafone said that after 24 to 48 hours, the telephone number (used for over ten years) would be transferred to their network at a much better rate. On Wednesday 23 October 2024, the telephone line transferred to the Vodafone network and stopped working. To this day (9 November 2024), there still isn’t any connection. My partner and I have spent at least 20 hours on the phone with them. Each time, we are told by various agents (Sarah, Mo, Emma, and so many others) to wait 24-48 hours. Now we have to add a 24-hour wait to speak to a manager when it was previously instant. We requested the PAC code to switch networks on 1 November 2024. To date, we do not have the PAC code for the line (even though Ofcom say it should be provided within a maximum of two hours after the end of the call). We asked for a letter of deadlock to report them to Cisas. They refused to provide one.UPDATE: Yesterday, Vodafone said the deadline to recreate the line on the account was 8 November. The line still does not have access to the network. Vodafone said the manager of Emma (our case handler) would call and speak to us within 24 hours. When we called back (since we never received the call) the agent said a manager tried to call at 16:30. That call was never received to date. They have still denied the PAC code and the deadlock letter.From one customer to another, it's not worth the stress of the ordeal. The potential savings are not worth the risk of losing your number (potentially forever). Compensation of a minimum of £9.76 a day (search: automatic compensation Ofcom) is inadequate. Not accessing health services for you and your family. Missing personal calls. Not speaking to family and friends. Missing business calls, especially if you are self-employed. All in the hopes that the line will be re-established in the ever-elusive 24-48 hours is just not worth it.We also noted that the broadband connection constantly fails in the middle of the night for about an hour, sometimes longer. The sales representative said it’s because they fix network issues at night. So, if you like a 24-hour broadband connection, look somewhere else.Reply to pending Vodafone response: I have spoken to the Vodafone team on numerous occasions (complaint 122386655). I have no interest in another conversation on Facebook, X or anywhere else. I have, of course, called and texted for the PAC code for the line, which has been continuously denied. I also, of course, reached out to the complaints team for the letter, which was denied. Please take note, everyone – this is how they pass you around like a hot potato, hoping you’ll just give up."
They said we would get 4 new phones for switching.  Guess what older phones aren't eligible for trade in.  Coverage area stinks in our area.Too bad we switched from Verizon.
Worst piece of shit service there is. I literally get no good service no matter where I go unless it’s a big city with 5g. There service locations are terrible. We pay way too much money for such shit service.
Staff not remotely helpful online or phone based.Been with Vodaphone for 16 years every time i contact them its a new challenge to actually speak to anyone who can help with my queries. The MOST unhelpful company i have ever dealt with Glad iv now cancelled my contract and moved to EE. Vodaphone is no longer what it used to be at all!
"Terrible service/coverage. Did not use the entirely of the last month’s billing cycle before switching to another company, charged extras fees vs getting back what was unused. Guess ya gotta keep yourself in business somehow. 🤷‍♀️  the 1-2 star average reviews don’t lie."
"Promised excellent coverage in the neighborhood by my house and it turned out to be dropped calls all the time.  I spent a crazy amount of time with customer service and they have done nothing except try to get me to convince the church in my neighborhood to put a t mobile tower on their roof.  Really mobile, it that my job our yours?!"
"Here we go again... I write a bad review, Vodafone send Openreach round and did work I didn't really need but said someone would come back to do the work I did need doing.... still waiting."
Absolutely terrible company that makes it so difficult to do anything online. For such a large company it is unbelievable to see how behind they are technologically. I am exceptionally good with technology and I am most likely still going to have to deal with customer service for a simple prepaid plan setup with esim.
"Was swindled and conned to make a payment that w would restore service for Internet. After making payment, they cut service 10 days into the cycle without notice or warning and demanded the remaining balance was paid. Then spoke to an idiot named Josh, who really thought he was 11' tall over the phone, who was rude, hostile, confrontational, and unprofessional. Then refused to transfer me to his supervisor to discuss the issue since he was no help whatsoever, then disconnecting the call after waiting on the line falsely attempting to get his supervisor right before the call center closed. Had that service over 10 years, and that imbecile managed in a matter of minutes to kill all interest in retaining them as a provider. There's no way Josh should be employed by ATT, and knowing they're paying him to act that way has made me consider giving other providers a chance to gain business, especially since there's a need to update account information due to life events. They are crooks and I recommend you never ever use them for anything other than nothing."
"I can’t make or receive phone calls from my house due to poor Vodafone service. Ironically, after chatting online to Vodafone they told me to call them to sort this issue which is hard when I have zero signal at home. I’m eight months pregnant and have had issues with the hospital not being able to ring me. Vodafone insists the network coverage is good at my address but I know it’s not. Case in point when I called to discuss this issue the call immediately cut out. My husband is on O2 and has signal at home.I asked about leaving Vodafone and was told I could pay out the remainder of my contract. Why should I pay anything to leave as I’m currently paying for services I’m not receiving!"
"Absolute thieves.  Paid £150 deposit for a laptop but returned it.  After they received the laptop back they erased everything from my vodafone but instead  of refunding my money they have credited it to my account and will not refund until after my next bill.  I don't have a bill and when I asked when my money would be refunded back to my bank seeing as the laptop account no longer exists they wouldn't tell me and kept copying and pasting the same generic rubbish about not to worry and one of their dedicated customer service reps will sort it and completely evaded the question.   I unfortunately have a phone contract and my home broadband with them but as soon as these contracts end I will be going to another provider, the way they treat their customers is shocking."
Worst company I have ever used.Worst customer service ever. Our bill went up almost double after less than a year. I had to cancel the account and paid them $2900 for early cancelation penalty. For 15 months I keeps on calling them to get the phones I had paid thousands of dollars for unlock so I can use them with the other carrier but could not get it done. They would make you wait on the phone until you hang up yourself.
The worst of the worst in every single way!!!!!
"The worst company in the world!During our travel outside of US, it charged us $$$ for roaming service, we even don't use any roaming date since the settingi is off!!! can't you believe that? We called couple time, never get refund!This is a money grab!!!! this is crime!!"
"I switched to Vodafone several years ago and quickly regretted it. The customer service is abysmal. I've been on hold for hours, transferred countless times, and received little to no help with my billing issues. Their online portal is a nightmare to navigate, and it's impossible to find the information you need.The billing itself is a mess. I've been over charged for services I never signed up for, and despite numerous attempts to resolve the issue, it's still ongoing.Just today my phone was resctricted.Vodafone seems more interested in making money than providing good customer service.I can't recommend them to anyone."
"I was with T-mobile for very long time. Even when they whitelisted my phone for being too old. When I got tired of spending money on a phone that only allowed me to use it like an old dial phone, I decided to switch to another carrier. Here's a tip, don't tell them you are switching until you have switched, otherwise they will turn off your phone, where you got all of your access codes to your T-mobile account, apple account, work accounts, etc., and then they will cancel your account before you can get your correct account number, which by the way cannot be found in your account. After nearly 10 years with them they rewarded me with aggravation and contempt. Let the phone subscriber beware!! T-Mobile sucks!!!"
"Beyond poor customer service, signed for Broadband, they gave install date then before the date they claimed I cancelled and said I would need to re order. Bombarded with 9 emails and 8 texts and bot conversations. Spent hours being passed aroundI would avoid"
"Their dealing way was disgusting and it’s my last time and if anyone asked me about that, I will tell everyone about it and that was the branch in Liverpool"
"the connection speeds are great but the stability is awful, constant dropping out 3+ times a day customer support is useless and don't offer any help or compensation, worst internet provider i've ever been with.Not to mention their sim cards are just as horrific as their wifi constant dropping while out and about can't get a signal is most placesAvoid at all costs!"
It has been a month which I have been trying to upgrade two mobile phones contract but no luck as Vodafone has an internal error that can’t be sorted in 30 days. Inconvenience it caused immense. Not even a star they deserve after these many years having three mobile contracts and broadband. I will be taking my business elsewhere.
"AT&T used to be a good reliable company to deal with. Things have changed; they no longer honor their contracts at this time. We've had problems with our phone and were told a tech would check the line at 8:00 am this morning. No one ever arrived or contacted anyone. Called AT&T and was promised a tech would arrive by noon. No one ever arrived or contacted us. Called AT&T again; this time they said a tech would be here between 1:30 and 4:00 pm - never showed up or contacted anyone. AT&T is supposedly open between 8:00 am and 8:00 pm but it's clear no one is coming, especially since customer service reps have been instructed not to provide names of techs assigned to a job or provide any info on their supervisors. This is about avoiding accountability, and it's also taking jobs away from people who are actually willing and able to work, Filed with the FCC and about to file with the PUC, will probably leave a complaint on BBB's website so everyone can be made aware AT&T has become completely unreliable."
"I've been with T-Mobile for 23 years. My phone broke. I went in for another one. They offered me a promotion. My bill went from $85 to a 140 for a promotion. What kind of a promotion is that that you're you're making me think I have a deal but really? I'm gonna pay for it in the long run, so keep your promotions to yourself T-Mobile. Been with you 23 years. I'm about ready to exit"
Signed up for broadband but never received the equipment. When I contacted them I was told that it was cancelled as they had an issue with my landline porting over and called me up but I refused to give them my security details as I wasn't sure it was the real vodafone. They never sent me an email explaining this and just left me for nearly 2 weeks unaware. I won't be using them if that's the way they treat potential customers.
"I was previously a T-Mobile customer for years. They kept increasing the bill, and the customer service continued to be lower. The phone prices and incentives were less and less. I got really tired of paying full price for a new phone every two years and not getting a discount or any kind of incentive for my kiddos phone line. After I switched my number to a new service, they sent me a bogus charge of $103.46, claiming ""equipment not returned."" What equipment? I had my phone fully paid off and I didn't have any other equipment? I tried to call customer service and they said they couldn't help me without some six digit pin. I had no idea what it was because I never use a pin when I call they verify me through a text message. When I escalated the call to a supervisor, the supervisor basically said they couldn't help me either and I had to go into a T-Mobile store with my ID to be verified. I understand having security measures but when you're not even a customer anymore and you can't even have a manager tell you what the charge is for over the phone and that's the only information you're requesting that is a broken system. I offered to give my drivers license number my Social Security number my email address, have an email verification, and five other solutions but they refused to do anything without some obscure pin I don't even remember making when I first signed up..Needless to say, I will never use this service again and I don't recommend anyone else comes here unless you want to overpay for your phones and not be able to be helped with your bill.I say this as somebody who works in customer support, and knows how systems can be created to truly help people."
I responded to a promo. It took 3 days to get results. Long waits on calls and hangup. When I did get to speak to a rep they would spend most of their time asking me to wait. The web site was even worse and basically does not work. When all was said and done the $40 promo cost me $60.
"O am just warning anyone that is thinking of signing up with Vodafone for home broadband.  I asked for home move engineer came and still didn't have Internet.  I spoke to Sue and manager Ziayd staff in call centre in Egypt they were so rude and not willing to help, I gave account number and the questions they asked was from old connection and they wanted new transfer which has never been connected.  I asked if they send one time pass code and where not willing.  They fog me on to the shop which I was told they have nothing to do with home broadband.I 8 years ago and bad cusyomer service experience and i now belive home and mobile is just as bad.There is no move / transfer connection I could just sign up with someone else"
"I would prefer to give them zero stars.t-mobile ported my phone number without being able to activate my phone. They keep saying I need to come in to a store to activate so I keep reminding them I am out of the US. Now I have no access to my US phone number. I cannot even get out of t-mobile and back to my previous carrier because they cannot send me a text to confirm my number because I have no service. I have wasted literally hours on the phone and many dollars of international phone time trying to get them to fix this and they are incapable of even releasing my phone number to me. I've tried emailing or using their chat feature to avoid the expense of international calling, but I cannot login because my phone isn't working and they do not allow anyone to email or chat without first logging in. I am beyond angry with them. I responded to a request for feedback 3 weeks ago and checked their box requesting follow up contact from a manager, but have heard nothing. They are horrible.Follow-up: Back in the US, still can't cancel because now they say my account is suspended and I somehow owe them almost $200. I still have not had service from them, never received any bills, and have spend more hours on the phone with customer service people who cannot help. Absolutely the worst experience I have had with a business."
"Both me and my partner are both with Vodafone, have been for many years and have broadband with them too.I recently upgraded my phone, arranged to collect it from the Vodafone store in Crawley. Was passing the store the next day so popped in to see if it was there on the off chance. Guy who served me did the ID check etc but the phone wasn't there. Not a problem, got a text the next day to say it was there. Popped by to collect it. ID check was passed again and collected my new phone.Later that evening I dropped my old device in the dark and although I can see where it's gone I can't get to it. The next day was Saturday and we had to go and pick up a few bits in town and were passing a different Vodafone store so I went in to see if I could get a new sim. New sim was scanned etc, went through the iD check again, with the same bank card etc and it FAILED. The girl who served me said it could be a problem with the system so she tried another computer and it failed AGAIN. She then said I couldn't get a sim card because you  can't try the ID Check again a third time I'd have to leave it 24 hours even though ALL my details matched including my Vodafone log in, card details account number, address etc etc she still couldn't give me a sim because I might be using a cloned card!!She then suggested I call customer service to order a sim and they can send me one, great advice when I don't have a sim card, how exactly was I meant to make a call? My partner had gone off to pick up some other bits in town and we aren't always together. The signal isn't great where we live so making calls can be difficult as you get cut off. The broadband works fine from the landline.She reluctantly called them for me on a shop mobile, and even though I passed all the security checks on the phone she still couldn't give me a sim and I had to wait for one to.be sent.In this time I couldn't set up every day apps like mobile banking etc and most things need text verification now to make them work. I don't have a local branch and can't access my accounts, even logging in via the website needs text verification! My Dad was overseas, so if he needed me and I wasn't within wifi he couldn't call, if I had car accident or any accident I could call. It makes you realize how much we rely on our phones.My new sim has arrived and I'm still waiting for it to get activated. Tried to activate it online but you have to.log in on the Vodafone website and you need text verification!! Made contact finally via Tobi after going round in circles I have now now been without a network for a week which might not sound like much but it's the inconvenience of not being able to make contact with anyone until I reach Wifi. I feel completely let down by Vodafone, and if I hadn't just upgraded my phone I'd be switching networks. I would ring them to complain but I can't!!"
Just more useless gouging thieves I paid my bill on July first and they shut my phone off on the 25th .  Ripping me off that's all it's about and get away with it. They Don't deserve your money.  DO NOT USE THE AUTO PAY !!!  that's how they get away with doing that.
"Horrible customer service. 25 minutes waiting to talk to a rep. Now waiting 48 hours for AT&T to unlock my phone, even though it is paid off. Plus their rates are much higher than the competition."
"This company att&t can not improve because I have already proved that scenario and yes I did call and guess what they could not help me, me and my wife was lied to also about our monthly phone bill and it never stayed the price quote the they gave plus it went from 110 to 120 to130 to 140 to150 to 160 and last of all 170. This is not good service it's called corporate greed. And when I did call this is what they said is that the only way they can lower my bill is to take the auto pay and that will lower our bill 20 dollars, now if this isn't corporate greed then then nothing is att are crooks and the public needs to not do buissness with greed and robbery, all it is is political theft and as far as I'm concerned, as my father told me (  there's nothing worse then a thief and a lier ant att fits both bills"
"If I could give negative 5 stars, I would. They are terrible. Run, run, run!!! I called to order home internet. The guy on the phone convinced me to transfer my cell coverage to T mobile. I decided to transfer my cell coverage. But, I changed my mind after reading reviews. Before I received the SIM cards for my phones, I called to cancel the phones. But...I have been charged month after month for these phones. What a total nightmare! Run, Run Run!!"
Vodafone stolen my money from my account. They deleted our conversations which they did pay 50 pound withdrawal my case also documents. I didn’t use SIM card after 3 months they send me bills 700 pound. Before 3 months I cancelled contract by mistakenly I lost is now they charged. I am telling gays it can be happening with you . Today I am seafaring. It’s almost 3 years going on still torcharing me . Mantle peas-her creating.They are really like shoplifting. Please gays if anyone can help me . On the phone they said you are poor man if you can’t afford so why you using phone
MIS SOLD AIR TIME CONTRACT. I was having difficulty using my phone abroad and called for help. While on the phone the advisor said he could make my air time contract cheaper. I was reluctant to do this as I only had 3 months to go on the current one and wanted to change provider. He assured me that I can cancel any time with no charge. I twice questioned this and was told yes I can cancel any  time no cost. On phoning to get a PAC code I was told it will cost me £245 to leave. I asked if they could check the call to see that I was told no charge. Yes they record calls. No they don't have mine. Yes I still have to pay to leave. No they won't budge. I have had 5 contracts with Vodafone for about 15 years. So next step for me is a complaint to Offcom and to trading standards
"Business account with Sprint & then T-Mobile for over 15 years. Staff member lost phone, called to replace & spent an hour with someone who obviously didn't know what they were doing. I had to pay taxes with a credit card ($95), okay fine & staff should get the phone next day or two. Received 2 emails from T-Mobile days later confirming the 2 orders & wrong shipping address on both. Noticed too they charged my card twice for the $95. Called the next day trying to get them to reverse the double charge & cancel the duplicated order. They did not help & ended up getting disconnected. Called back & found out BOTH phones were shipping to my office in another state from where the phone was supposed to go. They ended up having to place an entire new order & this time I paid $48 in taxes??? Well 2 phones showed up at the office this morning & we refused shipment as we were told to...now let's see how long it takes to get the account straightened up. By the way the reason they checked for the returns was ""buyers remose"", I objected & said hope there's a box to check for T-Mobile mess up. Will definitely be looking for another provider."
"Going round in circles with Vodafone trying to sort out the simple matter of keeping my phone number on a new plan. My port in request was cancelled and so naturally they deactivated my sim card without telling me, so I'm stuck unable to make calls/text/data roaming and paying for something I can't even use!Every time I speak to someone, I'm told something different about the cause and/or solution. They have very dodgy policies designed to extract as much money out of people as possible.I've spent hours trying to sort this with no success and certainly no help from customer services, who promise one thing one day and send me on a wild goose chase the next. The early termination fee is high but seriously seems worth it at this stage! Save yourself the headache and avoid Vodafone like the plague!Update: 11 days on and Vodafone has not resolved my issues. They have given me 2 new sim cards but have been unable to activate them, they've sent me to my nearest store to sort it out in person but I still don't have a sim that works. The links in the reply to my original post  were useless and I was signposted to another account. Would give 0 stars if that was an option. Total time wasters, can't trust them to do anything right."
"I have started receiving alerts from my PPI monitoring services that my PPI was compromised during the AT&T breach upon which the alerts I received actually showed the information that was compromised. I called AT&T customer service upon to simply let them know and ask for the service they were providing to address the leaked PPI.When I spoke to a representative, I was told unless I knew the exact date my information was leaked AT&T's position is to not take responsibility for removing the compromised information from the Dark Web because their investigation revealed SS# were only leaked on specific dates.  I confirmed my understanding with the customer service representative and again asked for clarification that it is the position of AT&T not to take the due diligence to remove the information that was leaked. Again I attempted to explain I am receiving alerts  from my current monitoring services that are showing me what is out there with AT&T being the source.  Obviously. The representative was just following company procedures.  However, he offered no assistance, no customer service, no compassion, or concern for the situation AT&T is responsible for, other than to insist it couldn't be AT&Ts responsibility.  I have had AT&T cellular services for over 20 years. This is the third data breach with the company. Surprisingly, I havent had data breach issues of this severeity from all the other business and platforms I use, but have had three with AT&T.  AT&T is the only data breach that I have had that actually has mishandled my PPI that is vital to my identity verification. The company offered no incentive for their negligence to me. Their customer service was less than helpful, offered no possible course of action, did not have the knowledge/skills/desire to help educate me or even make any considerate attempt to reassure me if I have further troubles with this matter Att will be there to assist me.  Thus, I am responsible for the expense and detriment without so much as a concern from any company representative or the company itself.  My work phone is through another carrier who doesn't seem to have the blatant disregard for providing valued customer service or do they have repeated data breaches that have impacted me. Needless to say, it's been my personal experience there are better options for cellular services providers."
"The UNCARING Carrier. Support is awful, and slow to respond. Website is slow, and extremely poorly designed. Today, my T-mobile Magenta (5 lines) is $155 per month. Next month it is $180. No change in my plan but price.. I still get the same garbage service and support for more money according to my support call today! Thank you! President sells over $6 million in stock just weeks before this change is made. Good for him. Bad for all of his customers. The NEW plans after the government allowed them to increase prices after the sprint merger had the SAME benefits as my Magenta but cost more. Now they are identical. There were guarantees and locks in place, and they simply don't care. I no longer trust a company that does not honor a guarantee. That is called lying. I am looking into another carrier now and plan to take advantage of the uncontract promise I AM entitled to (where they pay your last month if you leave do to a price change). I FULLY expect them to have lied about that guarantee also!"
"It’s the first time i became a customer with Vodafone this is the diabolical service I received from Vodafone.I bought a phone from Vodafone 34 days ago a refurbished prestige condition phoneWhen I Asked what’s wrong with the phone before agreeing to deal with it they said the customers who decide they don’t like the colour etc they send the phone back this is what they mean by prestine they assured me nothing wrongs with the phone.The phone is not charging it takes hours to charge.The screen suddenly goes blank and if someone rings me it’s still ringing, however can’t see who rings not showing up on screen because screen is blank.Screen goes blank.I phoned them they are not willing to do anything about the phone or exchange it for another, the only thing they are doing is taking it in for repair I don’t even know if it will work when they send it me back.Can you believe this happened with an I phone 14 pro max within 34 days.I’ve lost all trust.I also asked would I still have to pay a months bill as I’ve had no use of the phone they said I will have to pay it, not willing to budge making me feel like I’m the victim.They are making out like it’s my fault it seems like the customer is in fault after 34 days of no phone usage, faulty phoneI’m going crazy, I feel like crying, they have given me severe anxiety 😥I thought Vodafone is a well established company clearly not if they re crying over a phone which is a fault from their end not the customers."
AT&T makes company policies just to find ways to screw their customers over. Just so you know AT&T now lock eSIMS (which in my opinion shouldn't be legal) and will not let you add a second one even if you are still paying a monthly bill with them. I have never had so many problems as a loyal customer before. My mother and I have had a line with them for decades and are honestly probably going to switch now because there are just too many awful experiences to count anymore. I don't understand why AT&T does not care about their customers. If anyone is planning on traveling do not do so with AT&T. They have super high daily costs on their international plans and will lock your SIM on your iphone so you are not allowed to get a local number. We will not be associating or dealing with AT&T any longer after such an awful experience.
"I recently moved house, out of no fault of my own, my landlord needed somewhere to live for a year whilst his house gets done up, so I had no choice. It was extremely stressful trying to find somewhere to live in 2 months notice. Vodafone informed me my new property had no full fibre connection and they’ll need to set that up. I couldn’t leave Vodafone and go with and easier supplier as I would have to pay hundreds of pounds in leaving fees, which I can’t afford. So I decided to stay with Vodafone.Vodafone arranged a technician from open reach to come out, which she was lovely, but wasn’t able to help as there’s no fibre connection. This is something that I thought Vodafone had established already! They give you a 5 hour slot that they would arrive. That’s 5 hours out of work I had to take and nothing was sorted. They arranged for another technician visit which was pushed back 2 months. Vodafone provided me with a 4g dongle in the meantime - of which I’m paying more money for monthly than I would if they just gave me WiFi. I was also told by Vodafone that I wouldn’t be paying any money for this dongle, but they’ve just charged me £50 for it and it doesn’t even work because there is no signal in my area, which I explained to them too.Second technician visit comes around, another 5 hour slot out of work taken for this visit. As soon as he arrives, he tells me he can’t do anything because a survey hasn’t been carried out. I live in too flat of an apartment building which requires scaffolding. All this was discussed in the first technician visit, but the second technician had no idea it was required. He was there a total of 20mins, and I still have nothing sorted and don’t know what’s going on.I’ve explained to Vodafone this is causing me major stress and strain in my job. I don’t want to lose my job over WiFi… I’m paying more money due to their incompetence. It’s thieving and inconsiderate in other peoples stresses and life. I just want WiFi. I’ve done everything to cooperate, putting my job at risk, and they don’t care one bitAvoid this company at all costs. They will take your money, exploit you and take advantage of your cooperation and lack of knowledge on broadband"
Worst experience ever.. the way Vodafone treats there customers is very sick they send workers to people's houses who leave live hanging out the wall And they send workers that talk about drugs... When you complain about it and tell Vodafone that you lost food due to having to turn off the power in the house because of the live wire they force you and your family to eat out of bins till they want to sort it I would stay away from this company or your be next been caught in Vodafones trap they are unprofessional and they make me sick
"They wanted to drill a hole through the wall of the rental flat from the outside, didn’t think to mention this prior to showing up for the activation date, now my old internet is cancelled and I can’t get new internet either"
"I have been trying to deal with adding lines as well as a change in ownership of 3 current lines- been a customer for 7 years- the customer service is HORRIFIC.  Sure, they are polite and read their scripted cues beautifully, but they have ZERO idea what they're actually doing and I've gotten incorrect information over and over and over again..... I've spent 30+ hours on hold, talking with a rep, or chatting online to try and get things resolved.  And in this neverending process was just told yesterday that someone by a different name has an account in T-mobile with MY SS#!!!"
"I ordered Vodafone in hope that they will provide good service, however their service is as awful as it can get. They could not install me on the date provided. They did the internals but not the externals. While doing the internals their engineer drilled through my gas and water line. I tried complaining it to Vodafone but the answer I got that it was Openreach engineer and I have to claim compensation with Openreach. Vodafone cannot provide me any solution. I tried explaining to the agent that I have not ordered from openreach. My service provider is Vodafone and Vodafone should look into the it but they provided no solution as Openreach is their installation contractor. I sat in my house in this cold without water or heating till late night. When I insisted the agent on call told me he has registered my complaint and someone from Vodafone will contact me but no one contacted from Vodafone. After a week someone turned up and replaced the damaged pipe. No clue when someone will come to fix the broadband and do the external work. Everyday I get a text message saying someone will call me within an hour but no one ever did.  The service is appalling—avoid Vodafone if you value your peace of mind. It's truly disgraceful."
"I have never in my life had any interaction with ATT wireless until my new company issued me a new Iphone 2 months ago.  The charging slot will not hold a cable.  I wanted to see if the store had the ability to repair the phone, but that was not to be.I tried for 20 minutes to break through their customer firewalls to get a human, but they engineer their firewalls for maximum time wastage and frustration.So F you immensely ATT, and your profoundly shitty service.  I am now obligated to drive to a store to be ignored there."
"Everything was going fine with t mobile until you suggested.Changing my account to save money.  Once they did this, They broke my account into parts that I didn't even know they were billing.  Now they are asking me to pay back charges that we're in a account I wasn't even billed for.  DO NOT USE TMOBILE!"
I can't wait to my contract ends wish I never went with t.moblie SUXS
"Tmobile has gone down hill. They rip you off, service isn't good, add on fees , etc. All the negative reviews are true! This company was good back in 2014, but Now No!!!"
"I have purchased two Iphones and one Samsung phone in the past 4 years from T-mobible and just added a second line.  A month later I get this email:ACTION NEEDED by 05/08/2024. We’re changing the payment methods that qualify for AutoPay discounts. To continue receiving the $10.00 AutoPay discount, you must update your payment method to a debit card or a bank account.Visit your T-Mobile account to update your payment method and keep your discount by 05/08/2024.I call 611 and get customer service that is pathetic.  Nothing they can do.  I refuse to allow direct access to my bank account.  $120/year increase for using a credit card in 10%.  What a rip-off and NOTHING they can do except go count up the gains?"
AT&T IS A SCAM! THEY WILL NOT CALL YOU BACK AND JUST HANG UP ON YOU! THE STORES ARE AN ABSOLUTE NIGHTMARE!
On hold waiting on tech support for 20 minutes and counting. I have never had a full day where there is no prolonged interruption to my internet. Same thing happened the whole time I had my phone service with them. The worst part is finally getting a tech on phone who keeps arguing that there is nothing showing on their end. So ridiculous. I hate this service.I used to work as a customer service agent and try to empathize with the tech support agents knowing that its technically not their fault if the service is terrible but WTH. And the monthly charges are highway robbery to top it off. I am definitely switching services. Good riddance.
The plot thickens! They cancel my broadband deal because it was incorrectly submitted!!!! I just brought on there website! Affected my credit score and now they have a hold on my line and I can't take out another broadband deal and on top of this Huzefa in the complaints can't handle the complaint at all and avoids my questions! Avoid people!
The t-mobile agents are not honest they told me that the internet is 50 dollars a month but when i received it and activated the device it was 60 dollars a month and the phone services when i switched to t-mobile was awful i canceled it the same day i got it and they didnt refund me the full money i paid for they only refunded 16 dollars of the amount 43 dollars i paid for .. they were terrible in every way i will never choose t-mobile again.
"Some how it is hard to say that is there a worse cell phone provider than Straight Talk. T-Mobile has made the bottom of the list of all cell service providers. Reps make many excuses and try to make the company rules work for them and thrown the customer under the bus. Corporate stores vs authorized dealers are so different that they do not align with corporate. The sales rep at Walmart was a complete liar and tells you what she wants to gain a sale. I have been dealing with these none working phones for 4 months. Billing issues for 3 months of over charges, cause the Walmart rep did not set it up correctly, Then phone reps promising that it has been fixed. Three months later still automatic drafts with over charges. So I am out of town and T-Mobile overcharged me and I was not able to get a hotel room for the night ( I was out on business), so my wife and I had to sleep at the grocery store parking lot. I address the concern with T-Mobile and they did not care. My phones from day one had not worked properly since day one. I called and had many promises to repair, call backs and neither had been done. The last rep/supervisor over looked that I said day one and said that I had 30 days to take the phones back but placed it on the authorized dealer when I had been calling in. Everything there after then revolved against the 30 day return policy. Therefore no resolution, tried escalating and he says he is as high as I can escalate other than writing a letter my mail. So how does it take 4 months with no resolution from a company like T-Mobile. We made the move to get away from Straight Talk bad customer service and T-Mobile ended up being the worst! So my recommendation is do not buy from an authorized dealer, they have the bottom end of the products and they do not align to T-Mobile. If there is no stock do not get into the contract as it will mess everything up. Read everything cause T-Mobile does not  care about you once they think they have you locked in. I have asked for escalation or call from corporate and was told nobody will call us back. So it really looks like I am searching another carrier."
"They offered broadband and landline. The broadband is fine but the landline doesn’t work. After a number of iterations the latest is for the matter to be referred to another department. I’ve received a text to say the broadband is fine, which it always was. There was no mention of the landline which still doesn’t work. My 92 year old father in law relies on the landline to call us if he has a problem so this is a really serious matter."
"Review of T MobileI ordered T Mobile Wireless Internet. I never received the proper equipment for internet and was charged $112 for a service i did not receive. I returned something i did receive to the store, and they told me it was not the proper equipment for internet. I asked for a refund and they said i had to call a number to do it. I asked can't they do it there? They said no. I called the number and said i didn't receive the proper equipment. They said that means i can get a refund. Then they quizzed me and asked for a 6 digit pin #. I said i don't remember any pin #. Nobody can remember a six digit pin #. They said i had to go to the store to get the refund. I said I was just at the store and they said to call this number. They said that is the only way. I went to the website and tried to log in and it didn't recognize me. Then i went to the store and explained the situation fully. The store clerk asked if i wanted to pay the amount. I said no, i want it cleared out, i was told that they could do that here. She said that she would not service me and asked me to leave!this was 4714 N Broadway, Chicago IL 60640 at 1pm Sunday Feb 4 2024I said i would file a dispute with the credit bureau and this is what i intend to do. I am sticking with Comcast, even though they charge more they don't play these funny games with customers wasting people's time to cheat them."
I am not happy with the service nearly 72 hours I have been waiting for my WiFi to connect clearly lies when I was told up to 24 hours not 72 hours not happy with the service
When your internet is out all day and your scheduled time in the evening is screwed up by AT &T and then you can’t get it repaired until 2 full days later. What sort of service is that!! Paying $90 ish a month for below average service and average internet with regularly dropped zoom calls. I will be looking at other options
"Our area was extremely hard hit by hurricane helene.  My 90 year old mother was without power for 21 days and without a home phone from Sept 27 to Dec 17.  She paid over $90 per month for the landline service.  She's had the same phone number for over 68 years.  AT&T initially announced they would be issuing credits for people in the area because of interruption of service.  In late December I called to check on her credit which should have been a little over $250.   I was offered $130 and then $200 or I could call back with the dates that I reported the service.  They said they had no record of us calling to report the outage.  I repled it was a hurricane, your lines were completely down.  When I called back with the dates I had reported it, I was told there was no record of me calling the first time today."
"I tried T-Mobile under the assurance that it would work in my area.  It did not, and I was unable to make or receive phone calls or Internet.  I returned the modem to the local T-Mobile store.  They still charged me a bit over $40."
AT&T mobile customer is the worst in the world. They outsourced to India. Their customer service doesn’t know and do anything. Complete incompetence and useless. Still tie up with phone payments. If not I a switching to Verizon Wireless. Verizon customer service is world class. ATT provide garbage customer customers.
"Waited on hold for over two hours for a supervisor only to keep it in transferred to a different customer service rep disconnected by representative twice. Very rude and unprofessional, promised follow up which did not happen. Over all very appalling conversations and no resolution."
"Took out business broadband with them In Feb after being told lies that I could have it at the new address I was moving to - I checked multiple times before taking out the contract but when we came to add at the new place I was told it wasn't an option!Requested cancelation straight away and finally on Nov 20 I was told this could be cancelled and no fees to pay as I was being charged for a contract I couldn't and had never used!I had called over 10 times before and told this and was assured everything was now settled.Now on the phone with them today 06/12 because I have a debt agency contact me and I have missed payments on my credit file.Customer service is shocking and no doubt outsourced somewhere abroad so its hard to understand them and I spend hours of my time going round in circles, same with online chat.I am a personal Vodafone customer and been with them for over 20 years!I'm appalled by my experience and that no one in customer services seems to care of the effects this is having to my life, my credit file and the hours I have spent trying to fix this.1 Hour and 3 agents in and we still aren't fixed...Shame on you Vodafone!"
They double charged me And wouldn't give me any money back and was rude about it would only pay my income bill which hadn't been though of. Then a week later my Internet stops all the same I call for support and they advised me they didn't have enough customers where I live. Btw it less than a mile from the att tower so they can rock on
Worst company ever they quote you one thing over the phone and they just send you Higher Bill do not do auto pay beware.Stay away from them.
"Worst service ever, I waited for 3 months for them to repair my phone, and they failed to do it, they replaced it with a shit phone and lied about it."
AT&T fees are excessive $45 plus $10 they offer you discounts and they never give them. Look for other options that offer better service. I would never recommend to AT&T
"AT&T customer service is difficult to reach.  Hold times around an hour.  I left Tracfone because questions could not be addressed. Now I'm paying for 3 phones by contract with AT&T, and STILL do not have access to customer service when their is a malfunction or I have a question."
"I called AT&T because I paid my internet bill, I received an email saying my payment FAILED! I checked my account balance and the funds were taken out. I called AT&T had to wait for someone to call me back. When they called me back the person could not help me (Sam). I asked to speak with a supervisor I waited for 45 minutes. Which is unacceptable and unprofessional to me. I had a HARD time understanding San and the supervisor they both was talking so fast. I had to ask both of them slow down so I can understand what they were saying. Plus they try to over talk me too.The problem I was trying to get resolved was so SIMPLE. They said I was on auto pay I said I am not because I pay my bill on phone each month. So I said AT&T owes me money so AT&T is double dipping. If AT&T is taking it out of my account and I am paying it too, Neither one of them could not understand what I was talking about. I will be calling the corporate office on Monday and I am going to change inter provider. Not a happy customer with AT&T!!"
"I had previously had a broadband contract with Vodafone and was pleased with their service, so this was disappointing.As my contract was coming to an end, I was looking at moving from BT to Vodafone, who offered a really good deal on full fibre broadband. I used their online chat. Waiting for a live agent, to be connected the right person, and then to get an answer took a very long time. But in the end I was able to double-check with their technical dept that they could use our existing fibre connection, and wouldn't need any more connections, or to dig up the drive, or more cables on the front of the house, etc. They assured me they could use the existing fibre.So, I signed up online. Except the website wouldn't let me past the direct debit stage and I had to phone them. The call took over an hour.The next day I had a call from CityFibre. As our existing connection was installed by Openreach they would have to install another one. What?! Unbelievable. If Vodafone had given me the correct information I wouldn't have wasted so much time signing up.So I called Vodafone to cancel my contract. The call took 40 minutes, including long waits and endless security questions, because they had lost the PIN I had set up the previous evening.I may be paying more, but I'm sticking with BT, who have agreed a reduced price."
"The bandwidth of the connection is as promised.The only problem with this service is that they route London customer traffic through Manchester Internet Gateways. Through BT I got round trip times of 3ms to 5ms, and through them I get 9ms to 14ms. Not good for online games.I can see that there are many complaints online, but they don't seem to care enough to fix it.Edit:After Vodafone told me to chat them on Facebook""Unfortunately we can only perform basic tests on Broadband here in the Social Media Department, Andrew, so I'd have to point you to contacting our dedicated Broadband Team a call on 0333 304 0191 or drop them a message via LiveChat here 👉  so that they can assist you further with looking into routing and more advanced troubleshooting 😊 Ollie""Not much help"
"same as all the other providers.They scam you if you stay loyal to them. spent 2 hours going round chats with different employees to get a better deal, only for the last one to end the chat when i realised, and pointed out to them, that they were trying to 'discount the broadband' but sell me a sim only plan at a higher price than i could achieve on their website,"
Tried calling 3 times to inquire about home internet. Each time placed on ridiculous long holds. Will be canceling my mobile service as well. Terrible customer service
"I chose T-mobile after being treated like garbage by AT&T.  I chose T-mobile primary because they U.S. based support.  Now 2 years later, they've replace humans with typical Automated cuStomer abuSe (ASS) roadblocking system.  I've had to listen to it > 2 than a minute of canned frustrating announcements before it would put me into a queue for a human representative.  If you're lucky enough to get an American representative, they're still great; it's the greedy executive decisions to put up roadblocks to you talking to anyone."
I was scam with T-Mobil and I was a customer since the call voice stream  the total amount was 691.00 they said I had contact and everyone knows they no longer do contacts. I left them because I went to their Georgia Ave location and someone hack into my and from this happened it was down hill for me. Please beware of t-mobile. This why I changed my services.
I’m Gareth Lockwood have multiple disorders keep getting cut off threatened byy messages and email and being total bulliedI’m also barred from calling customer service because I have no creditThey know my history but continue to harass me with messages and emailsI’m on benefits and I will pay tomorrow but can’t even call themA big company like vodaphone who I cannot settle my account because I cannot remember my details they have this all on file I’m mentally challengedBullys
"Worst experience I have had as a customer. I paid every bill on time.I left Vodafone several months ago for another Internet provider and was refunded an amount I was owed a couple of months after the account closure. I have not had any communication from Vodafone since until receiving a letter today to state they have sent me to a collection agency for £19.98, leaving a default record with the credit agency!! From a quick look online I am not the first they have done this to and clearly don't care enough to fix whatever issue is causing them to send prior customers to a collection agency for no reason."
One star too much please go on Facebook no I want ti talk to a human being u dont deal with complaints properly
"Been suffering from constant disconnection issues from our new Power Hub.Can’t watch films or game, without multiple disconnections, it’s frustrating. We have contacted their tech team, going through all different settings, still does it! Now my sons PlayStation 5 won’t connect at all, however fine at a friends house!!Looking online, this seems to be a common problem with Vodafone’s power hub. Rather than looking at their own kit, they lay blame on our connection and attempt to upsell us, to the next bundle. My question is why? The line remains the same? Just the router that’s different, which sounds very suspect to me!Power Hub is not fit for purpose!!I have been tempted, on many occasions to just end the contract and pay the fee, it’s that bad!!Previous routers with BT, EE and Sky, no problem at all!Next stage, I will have to escalate this to their complaints department followed by Ofcom. Only 3 months into a 2 year contractI would not recommend Vodafone broadband with the PowerHub if you want to keep your sanity!! Just google other reviews, shameful30/12 - Update, after allegedly monitoring our home WIFI since the 27th December, apparently there is not problem, yet any streaming device gets thrown off the wifi intermittently.  They saying my house is the problem and I must purchase boosters from them.  I explained my TV is 10 ft away from the router in the same room, yet Vodafone are laying blame at my property! Why would I need to boost a signal 10ft, oh and it must be a Vodafone booster not third partyIn a nutshell, it looks like their products are not fit for purpose.  They sell wifi cheap, lock you in with a contract, it does not work, so they try and get more money out of youInternet speed, according to their checks are fine, yet I have speed checks, carried out on the Vodafone app, sitting next to the router, as below:-29/12 @ 10:20 - 4.6 mps29/12 @ 10:18 - 9 mbs29/12 @ 10:17 - 6.6 mbs29/12 @ 10:16 - 15.3 mbsAll other times, upwards of 60 mbsStay well away!! Complaints all over the internet about the same issues from other consumers"
I went to T Mobile from a prepaid plan lol I repeat a prepaid plan. So after getting sold the brand spanking new Samsung s23 ultra for almost 2 grand. I started having issues not receiving my phone calls!!! My business is ran off my cell phone.  The technician at tmobile literally told me that the phone is junk. That every customer with the new s23s are all having these same issues!!!! GO TO VERIZON AND GET A GOOGLE PHONE OR A IPHONE. YOUR WELCOME.
"Stay away from AT&T and FIRSTNET. Horrible. They disconnect my number by mistake of AT&t and took me over 10 days reconnect. HORRIBLE. Their agents don’t know nothing , just know say: “ sorry about your situation but we can’t do nothing “ ( In 10 days period I talked with almost 25 Agents from all their service departments, and nobody can’t do nothing about their own mistake. -STAY AWAY FROM AT&T-"
"There is a very low level of staff training. One gets the impression that they are coming up with explanations on the fly, although they themselves do not understand anything. The system's automatic responses at the embryo level speak only to say something not to the point. Very disappointed."
"I put extras on my account, but they were really difficult to remove. I spoke to some one, who - basically- tricked me into not cancelling there and then and sayin if I waited until a certain date I could have the charges removed that month. Not true. IF you get through to them on the phone, don't let them trick you into not making the changes you want right there and then. I have finbally got the charges removed, but have ened up paying for a nother three months. They seem to think that is OK. Wish I could leave them. AWFUL SERVICE,."
"Vodafone is pathetic again. I was forced to upgrade to the more expensive fibre wifi package because of pathetic internet speed and persistent connection dropping on their lower priced fibre. I am now on over £40 per month with an advertised 900 mb per second speed and a connection booster.  I am currently struggling to write this review because of very slow speed and the connection perpetually dropping (PO6 4TL). I cannot attend my crucial online meetings. If you contact them, they are arrogant, dismissive and never admit their shortcomings. Please stay very far away from Vodafone. Update: same problem today. I am on 4G now as my wifi is mostly off today. Thank you very much for nothing Vodafone"
"Stay away from ATT. Bought screen glass warranty at time of purchasing phone and now when I need one they don’t have them. Not in stores, not online … and when I call them at ATT they tell me to go to the store…. Disgusting company"
"It should be illegal for them to be throttling their website so much. I could write a better website that loads faster in my sleep.The fact that it takes minutes to load any page, and minutes to load anything inside of the page, means they are doing it on purpose to get people to ignore their plan and simply set up auto pay and drain money from their account.I just swapped phones recently, and have paid my final bill for them. The payment was not too horrible, the customer service over the phone was not too horrible, but the website alone and the app too, oh my god.They are preying on people to give up dealing with their shitty ass website and simply set up auto pay and not leave them. It is actually sad and it should actually be illegal.It does not matter if their web dev team is that bad, at this point its pure negligence and intentional disrespect and illegal predatory misconduct for people that do not understand the internet. Redo the entire website and I will delete my review."
"First we started by calling Vodafone, completely useless. With the phone call, in the end all they had to say was that we apparently didn't buy the phone from them (we did) and that we should go to the shop (wow, very helful thanks.) So that was a complete waste of time.I went with my Nan today because her phone started to turn off. She got the phone around last year, for a phone battery to seemingly start to fail a year after purchase is disgusting. The individuals in the store in Wigan provided no assistance, other than checking the battery percentage. Before giving the phone to them I had re-seated the battery and checked it. We were told that nothing can be done because it was purchased via pay as you go; my 80 year old disabled nan was stuck with a phone that may be starting to fail. It's honestly disgusting, is this the treatment you think she deserves? Is this what she pays you for? Wasted money on the car park too.From this bad, time-wasting, neglectful experience I can't say I'll ever recommend Vodafone to anyone again, and this was -after- I had switched her over to Vodafone. Seems that was a mistake eh?If the battery does end up failing and I have to buy a new one for her or figure something out, I can say that I am more useful than your company that specialise in this. For shame.Heed this warning if you buy your phone on pay as you go with them. This is how they treat their paying customers."
Really didn't want to have to leave a negative review but I am really losing patience.First there was issues getting our fibre live - issues passed between vodafone and openreach blaming each other. Absolutely no apologies or compensation from Voda from the time we were not connected to the service and still charged us full bill.Now Vodafone have not provided the voucher promised as part of taking the contract with them. Absolutely no help from the live chat team and the information given by them was of extremely poor quality and did not make any sense (assume a translator is being used for overseas staff?)Avoid Vodafone Broadband at all costs unless things drastically change.
"Canceled my home internet service after years of service and they are making me pay a month of service I haven't even used yet because I canceled two days after my billing cycle. Billing cycle started over on the 14th and I canceled on the 16th. I'm sure the ""no prorate"" was in the contract I signed back in the 1990's but that is just bad service. Corporate greed at its finest. They are lacking the human touch..."
I was with ATT for many years both my business account and personal account.  I recently switched companies due to a better packaged deal.  I transferred the business account and cancelled the personal.  After paying off phones and paying the final bill I have been unable to get my IPhones unlocked.   They send me to website which sends me to customer care which sends me back to the website.  This has been going on for months.  I ask to speak to a supervisor and was told no one can help me.  They are holding my phones hostage for no reason.
"I am giving 1 star because there is no zeros… This is is the worse company. Always issues with them. My husband tried to switch his phone to another carrier due to bad signal in the area. Att asked him to pay off the balance on his phone in order to switch his line. They put it too difficult…my husband had to stay with Att however… they cancelled his line anyway, and reconnected his line. Plus, they upgraded his line to a Premium plan so he will have a better reception….. LIE!!! Nothing improved! So, I checked my bill today.. SURPRISE!! My bill is $615.98…. Really??? So I called Att to see what happened, the representative explained to me the whole mess. Why they shut down the line if the phone was not paid off? Long story….. now I have a case open, that may be resolved by July 2nd….. so, what is going to happen with the bill???  Because I am not paying it! Att is a joke……."
Worst provider. They cheat you on everything.They sell you stuff as free but you end up paying for them.
Had a 2 year contract wrote in small print rolling 1 month didn’t know ended up paying an extra to months the second one was and extra 10 pound on top of the bill terrible service
"I would give zero if I could.I was conned into signing up through uSwitch, with the offer of a £120 gift card.  It never arrives and both parties deny all responsibility saying it should come from the other.Following on from that, the worst router coverage we've ever had - ended up purchasing a plug in extender.And the customer service is appalling, useless, obstructive.Avoid, avoid, avoid!Updated 14.10.24Following on from the response received from Vodafone -I find it disappointing that it is necessary to post a negative review in order for a customer service department to finally share the information that a customer requires in order to receive a promised reward.Regardless of where the fault lies for the voucher not being issued, I spoke to Vodafone customer service three times and was only told that it wasn't their problem - when I should have been signposted to Giftcloud two years ago.So I stand by my rating for Vodafone's customer service - absolutely dreadful.I haven't even mentioned the appalling chat bot, that routinely diverts you to the wrong department.  In fact, on the latest occasion that I made contact, I was wrongly directed not only by the bot, but also the first human with whom I chatted, resulting in my having to input security details three times - I was logged in for a full hour before I finally made contact with the right person.Utterly infuriating!Further update - 17.10.24Since being signposted to Giftcloud, I am now going to receive the gift card that was part of my move to Vodafone two years ago.So prospective customers be advised - if you do sign up to Vodafone, don't expect any resolution for your issues through their inept customer service department.Instead you need to come here to Trustpilot and leave a damning 1* review - then it seems you will be treated to the help that you require.Personally, on receipt of the reward that I'm owed, I will then be cancelling my service and going back to Plusnet..."
"If I could review T mobile, I would give them -10. They have very, very terrible service, and for almost two years, they have promised to fix the problem that they promised to us, but when you talk to them, they start over and again and promise and promise, and nothing happens. So for those wanting to find a good service, think about getting t-mobile so that you will headaches what we have experienced."
"I just spent an hour and 40 minutes at two separate AT&T locations trying to upgrade 2 phones. 60 minutes at the first location, there was a glitch in the safe where they keep phones, so that took more time. Then there was a glitch with the software he had to restart the process of upgrading, twice. During the process, he tried to sell me on screensavers and high-speed charging blocks. I told him I did not want any extras, he tossed his phone on the ground and said do you have faith that the protectors you buy on Amazon will protect your phone like this. Such a gimmick. After an hour, I finally left because there were error messages in the account and he needed the supervisor. I then went to another att, waited for 30 mins while they contacted customer service. No resolution, no new phones. I then called att to pass along my displeasure and they told me to write a letter to corporate headquarters. Such terrible service with no solution."
"Useless. Slow to react and don't actually care. Let my number be moved fraudulently to another network via a PAC request - despite me reporting the attempted fraud - and completely disinterested in fixing the issue. Customer service staff unable to do anything as ""my number wasn't on their system"". Clearly unable to keep data safe. Stay away.Update (after Vodafone's hollow, corporate C&P reply): I did manage to talk to the fraud team, after strongly insisting to the customer service team that they put me through. The fraud was reported on Monday, it is now Thursday & Vodafone still can't even tell me if my number has been blocked yet.It would appear that GiffGaff might be even worse, as it was to there that my number was fraudulently ported."
"I chose the 55+ plan since it allowed two lines, one for me and one for my out-of-town college kid.  I was using a Droid and moved over to the iPhone 11.  Then T-Mobile “upgraded” the antenna my phone was using to connect to.  Weeks of trouble started and when CS ran a “diagnostic” on my connection, it blew out my Cisco WiFi router.  They gave me “generous” $75 to replace it.  No way!  Cisco didn’t sell $100 devices then.  I was told by CSRs that management was considering replacing my phone with a 12.  Right, in a pig’s eye!  I had to buy it and the improvement was minimal.Calls to customer service went to through to nauseatingly polite representatives, or once in a while people who really didn’t want to work. The big red check is a no go from the start and all the smaller guys are subcontracted to the “big boys” in the market place and offer contracts of dubious, IMHO, value to the customer.So, as soon as junior finishes his studies, I will return to a flip-phone or no mobile phone.Experience, what you get immediately AFTER you need it."
"I'm currently with EE (just mobile and mobile internet) and because of the Wi-FI going down, now and again, I wanted to switch to broadband and just get a cheap pay monthly sim, to use home broadband off if I need it.I decided to start up with Vodafone. I ordered their broadband but wanted to upgrade, to a better service. They told me I had to cancel and start again. I hadn't been connected yet. So I cancelled and signed up for the new deal, they told me was available. Upon getting to the last page they said I couldn't get it, because it was full fibre and I was in a part fibre area. So, I had to cancel that and then apply again for the previous deal. The router arrived on the 28th December, for the cancelled 6th January install date. Then I got notified by DPD that I was getting another package on the 4th (today), which was for the new 9th January installation (the reapplied contract after the two previous cancellations). I received emails, from Vodafone, telling me that installation date was on the 6th and another on the 9th. I didn't know what was going on. I went to chat and waited ages for them to answer, because they were all too busy on other chats, in between my chat. They then told me I had come through to the wrong chat, even though they'd connected me to broadband. I was talking to Pay as You Go monthly. So I called them and got an exceptionally rude Indian man, no doubt in India, who couldn't give a rat's arse about my problem. To top it off, before I was connected to him, I had to press umpteen buttons to speak to him, being told my connection date was the 6th of January. He told me I had to installation date set up, before I hung up on him for his rudeness. In the middle of another call, waiting to be answered, DPD arrived and I just gave him both packages to be sent back to Vodafone. I told the assistant to cancel everything, at which he then told me that I had no installation date booked.What a waste of time. They didn't have a clue what was going on. I'm so glad I never entered into the 24 month contract. All that hassle and I wasn't even a customer yet. LOL"
"I have been calling ATT for over a week about my bill. I’ve waited on hold over an hour more than once. I cannot get a representative on the phone. I’ve gone to my local store for help. They were sure that they could help me, but also could not get billing on the phone. I was told that I’d have to drive to a corporate store to resolve this. This is horrible customer service."
"Worst telecom company ever avoid at all cost they don’t honour their words and they keep making false promises without fulfilling them. After I cancelled my contract with them and switched to their pay as you go to keep my options open due to their unstable internet connection they disconnected my number despite saying they would transfer me over to pay as you go. And when they got me back my number after multiple long phone calls l, I kept asking them to tell me how much I owe for my final pay monthly contract bill and every time I would speak to an adviser they would give me different amounts with one saying roughly £22, the other saying £15, and the last saying nothing is owed which he confirmed repeatedly with me. However, after few weeks I was surprised to be contacted  by a debt collector who told me that they were sent by Vodafone to collect an owed amount of £19, despite being told by Vodafone that my account was clear. Therefore, I decided to call them and ask why they lied to me and went behind my back to debt collectors and guess what I was met by a rude advisor called Andi who was shouting at me after hearing my frustration as if he is the customer which was quite shocking. Anyway, after transferring me to the bills’ team I spoke with the most boring and dis-engaged adviser who was not bothered to understand what went wrong. I ended up raising a complain and making the stupid payment hoping that they won’t call back again with another bill after confirming my account to be all clear."
"Extremely Disappointed with AT&T’s Customer Service and Unfulfilled PromisesI’ve been a loyal AT&T customer for over three years, and this is the first time I’ve had to contact customer service. Sadly, this experience has been extremely frustrating and disappointing, and I feel compelled to share it here.Despite being a long-term customer, I received poor service from AT&T’s support team. My issue was not addressed properly, and the promises made by the agents to resolve my concerns were not kept. I was left feeling completely disregarded and unimportant to the company.I expected much more from a company I’ve trusted for so long. Instead of the courteous, helpful service I should have received, I felt like I was treated as if I didn’t matter at all. I’m deeply disappointed by how my situation was handled and by the complete lack of professionalism and empathy shown by the customer service agents.It’s hard to believe that a company that I’ve been loyal to for years would treat me this way, and now I’m reconsidering my relationship with AT&T moving forward. I sincerely hope that AT&T will take this feedback seriously and make improvements to its customer service. Long-time customers like myself deserve better treatment than what I experienced.#DisappointedCustomer #AT&T #CustomerServiceFail #UnresolvedIssues"
"I've had my mobile and broadband with you for a few years now. I've logged on the your website for deals and they are absolutely rubbish. So much cheaper just doing a Google search. Never once have you contacted me to offer me a good deal so I'll go elsewhere. You're not interested in keeping me as a customer so I'm not interested in staying with youUpdateYou messaged me to give me an ""amazing deal"" logged in Pixel 8 £10 upfront and £14 a month....tried to do it nope....I have two months left on my contract so it went to £40 upfront and £24 per month. You have ZERO idea how to keep your customers so off to Three I go."
"you cant reach them if you are outside of us.İf you think you will never need to ask something or never face a problem, its good. Othervise CHOOSE AT T ATLEAST YOU CAN SPEAK WITH SOMEONE OMG"
"I have been experiencing severe issues with Vodafone's mobile internet service at East Croydon Station for the past four months. Despite multiple troubleshooting attempts, SIM swaps, and regular contact with customer service and technical support, the problem remains unresolved. The mobile internet connection is either non-existent or extremely slow, severely impacting my ability to work as a self-employed black cab driver.In addition to contacting customer service every week and sending numerous emails, I have now lodged a formal complaint with Ofcom, the UK telecommunications regulator, due to Vodafone's lack of response and inability to resolve the issue. I also requested to terminate my contract due to the service issues but was told I would need to pay a £180 termination fee, which I find unacceptable given the lack of service.If you're considering Vodafone for your mobile internet needs, think very carefully. In my experience, the service has been unreliable, and the customer support unhelpful. Save yourself the hassle and look for more reliable options."
"AT&T has nowhere to file a complaint and BBB won’t let you either because they are not accredited with the BBB. I have spent over 1 hour trying. Their customer service is the worse ever because it doesn’t exist. I wouldn’t recommend them to anyone unless you like not being able to talk to anyone unless you are trying to set up service. If you set up service get ready to be engorged on everything.They don’t give a crap about customer service. If you don’t believe me just try yourself. I don’t know how they stay in business. Trust me, you will be sorry if you sine up with them."
I want to log into the website with a different account yet I can't because it's still trying to log me into an older account I don't want to have to clear my cookies each time I log in as I don't have access to the old accout please add a log in with different account link to the Request security codeFor added security we’ll text a code to one of your phones page
If I could leave a zero rating I would.  I was with them for nearly 25 years with always paying them on time.  However switching from their company to another is hell with misinformation and multiple late fees as a result.  I advise if you are starting with a new cell phone carrier to choose any other company.
I was so excited to switch from T-Mobil to AT&T and service is so disappointing.They are WAY worse than T-Mobil which I thought was hard to do.But upside they said I could buy $250 boost for my house:/ they could see my area is not good for AT&T once I called to complain.I live in a busy area with 85k people.They don’t have honest billing or at least up front about it. First bill $870Shocked.  But it would be worth it if I got service.   Would avoid if in Leander or Austin TX at all cost.
T-Mobile sales dept is deceitful. I transferred from Verizon thinking I was saving $50 only to find out that my free watches are not free. I am paying for the watches and I am now paying for two additional lines. These two additional lines were never discussed during my phone conversation. T-Mobile refuses to do anything to rectify this situation. I clearly stated my desire to have a lower bill and was deceived.
published review 12/5/24I had T-Mobile for over 10 years and I decided to switch last April because the coverage was getting bad. After I switched I called T-Mobile customer service to unlock the phones and cancel my service. Yesterday my wife noticed they have been charging us for months and when I called to get a refund they said that I never cancelled. They have the record of me calling to unlock my phones and cancel those but they kept 1 line and charged me over $165 a month and will not refund my money. They stated that I never requested to cancel a line that I never had. When you sign up the sleazy salesman sign you up for extra lines for there promotions and do not tell you about it. My line had 9 lines and I only have 3 phones and a iPad. Run from this crappy company.
The Worst !!! I don't have coverage at my house I don't have coverage at work !!! I pay $93 a month for one line I paid extra for insurance and when my phone broke and I filed a claim to get a new one they sent me some off brand that's all messed up and customer service is a joke and no help for anything .
Recently had a conv w at&t chat on trade in credits. At&t is not truthful and upfront about how the trade-in credits work. Also fail to mention that if you pay off phone early you will lose any remaining credits from trade in. And will not receive the full trade in amount. The idea of trading in a phone and having a number put on it and then stretching said amount out over 3 years is f’n stupid. Shopping new service. AT&T can take their service and shove it up their ass. Long time customer. No more.
"Worse company ever, poor customer service, will never use this company any more."
"Horrible communication and late!!! 12 to 2 means just that, I had to call at 3 to make sure they were even still coming."
"Sent my son in Western Blvd, Jacksonville NC store to purchase a iPhone 16. I told him no contracts, fees, just buy it, Merry Christmas! Associate said it’s a FREE upgrade! Being a new consumer he did not understand how AT&T is grossly misrepresented aka lie. I went back in the store the same day to cancel. Associate said it must be the manager and she is busy, it’s going to be a while. I said fine, how else can I cancel? Call 611. I called on my way home -and they were closed until Monday. I went online to view order and cancel. (Help said there will be a cancel button if it hadn’t shipped and it was the same day hours after the order and it hadn’t shipped. I continued to check for the button.) The next day 8am CST I texted on my app to cancel = reply sorry can’t help you, I called 611 and waited 20-30 minutes = reply sorry can’t help you. They said call the local store, the associate said you must come in and speak to the manager. Easy to purchase, very difficult to cancel. Reminds me a lot of the old Gym memberships when the Gym made it very difficult to cancel, time consuming, and there was a fee. Now I have to receive the iPhone and return it and there is Restocking fee. I thought I did my due diligence to cancel, ordered Sunday 2pm. I went back to the store the next day (29th) Monday on Western Blvd and the manager CANNOT CANCEL it. According to AT&T, NO ONE in the universe can stop the phone from shipping, the store, the texting line or any leadership at AT&T. GOOD NEWS this inspired me to quit overpaying for services, $110 mo for 2 lines (w/discounts) changed to $30 a month same features. Perspective- Annual savings $960, over a decade $10,000."
"Terrible customer service, there is no meaningful technical support - just left with no bandboard.  Told to go though the same checks again and again."
Avoid this legal scammers. Vodafone is a total Scam. They even try to rip off the customers more by one more month at the end of contract.
"The misery continues. Day 6, still no internet. Vodafone first blamed Openreach, insisting they used the wrong type of Ethernet cable from the Openreach box to the router! Openreach had to revisit the property to prove there was nothing wrong with the Openreach box or the cable. They now think it’s a faulty router. Three more days pass. New router arrived today and yep, exactly the same, still flashing red! Openreach box looks fine, all green."
The reception is so bad that talking on the phone is like it’s the 80’s and internet connection is useless in most areas! I seriously regret changing my provider!And when I ‘voiced my concerns’ because the phones were ‘not fit for purpose’ they refused to end the contract!
Our interest has been down for two weeks now since storm Darragh. We spoke several times to a lady at customer services who assured us everything would be up and running within a week and we’d be compensated for our hardship.The engineer called today and fixed the problem but he said the router needed replacing as the signal wasn’t stable and it shouldn’t be like that. Vodafone have just messaged to congratulate themselves for fixing the problem and when we asked about compensation we’d get £9.76 for a reduced timeframe. About a week. We’re not getting a new router either. Contract runs out in March so they know where they can shove the renewal!
"New broadband, engineer booked set date many messages and emails confirming, booked days holiday waited in all day no engineer Rang Vodafone transferred four different departments 38 mins on phonePromised “we will call you within 24 hours to rebook” Guess what no call back after they text me to confirmWhat rubbish level of service"
At&t sucks service is trash customer service is trash and there home internet us trash why start a company expand to make house internet to keep up with competition but you guys as a company can't even have a basic level of communication within your departments what's the point I can't even pay my bills together for home wifi and my cell phone fyi me and my money will be going somewhere where they can provide all the services I have to jump thru hoops just to pay on I will go to a company that has there communication and customer support as a priority vs an opinion....better service and price with a pay as u go phone from Walmart I am sad that I have anything to do with at&t more reviews on other platforms have a good day don't get at&t there's a reason there score is so low
I wish I would have read these reviews before switching to this $#!t show company. I had to pay $800 to sign up.  I went from Verizon and having internet at work most of the night to this joke of a place having internet 1 hour maybe a night.  Hopefully it's not a run around to get my money back.  2 days of this bs company is more than enough for me. I spoke to customer service 4 times in the last 2 days.  They were also less than useless because none of them speak English.  They mute the phone over and over and try saying the same stupid thing that don't work.  This company is a joke!!! I would rather have no phone than have this trash company for free!
"I paid for international travel prior to arriving in a high threat level country.  I was charged right away and never received the service.  They have a text chat function, which I used many times, day after day.  NO response, Zero. I had people waiting for my calls to tell them I was okay, ofcourse, I was not able to do this. They clearly have no regard for their customers whatsoever. I finally reached an agent today and was put on hold, then she hung up the call.  Do not consider ATT."
i brought a samsang s24plus DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE this is the worst phone i have ever had i have been a tmobile customer for 22 years and they want to charge me $40.00 to return the phone that i have had for only 2 days....please make sure you listen to these reviews i should have
When I tell you this has been the worst experience and I've been with them for 8 years!  Their reps need to be brought back yo the US and retrained!  I have taken over my mom's plan years ago were speaking 8 years ago... On yhe phone told them etc.  I'm not even going to explain the crazy they took me through today but the rep keeps telling me they need to speak with my 87 year old Mom that has demitia! I told them I have POA days ago... But he keeps asking to speak with her...  Whyyyyy! I offered to send it over !  Ridiculous!
"Drove to store on Rt 83 in Round Lake Beach ILWent to cancel my brother's phone in my family account w T-Mobile, since he passed away.Employee at Round Lake Beach store said I should do it over phone. I explained I already spoke w someone on phone, and didn't want to do it by phone.He continued to instruct me to do it by phone. Finally i had enough and left. Second time this location can't help me.Drove 20 minutes to another TMobile locationin Antioch and they were able to help me with no questions askedClose down the store in Round Lake Beach. They never seem helpful in any way and this is a national issue with many companies and I'm not accepting it any moreEither perform customer service for the high prices or close.I've been with sprint and t mobile for 20+ years.Very very disgusted."
I asked the agent to cancel my watch line because the service never worked but I was being charged for it. I gave the specific number associated with the watch.Instead the agent cancelled my phone service.I had to cancel multiple business meetings and spend 2 hours being transferred from agent to agent as they didn't know or have the power to help get the number and line back.This is Still not resolved as I write this.
I'm still awaiting a response to my complaint and the broadband team to phone me! It's getting beyond a joke now!
"Do NOT use T mobile.   We were a Sprint customer for over 20 years.  They switched to T mobile and everything changed especially the customer service.  We were given a third line for free.  When we switched companies, they wouldn’t let us take the line number with us for the third line so we canceled the number.   They charged us almost $300 to cancel the free line.  I fought it but they said it was a valid charge.  How???   We weren’t under a contract and the line was free.  Absolutely garbage.  Everyone I talked to was clueless and rude."
First of all I’m not happy I had to give any stars at all. T-Mobile has become the worse mobile carrier. I purchased a phone a year ago paid cash and 30 days later phone was not working properly so I call T-Mobile. They sent me a refurbished phone after I just gave them almost 1300 dollars for a new phone. Over the last 8 months I’ve had 4 refurbished phones because they don’t work properly. I honor my part of our contract which is paying but T-Mobile doesn’t provide me with a working phone nor service. I’ve had only 2 bars on this phone since I’ve received it and now I’m on hold to get refurbished phone sent out to me again. 5 phones in one year. I’m now looking into switching with another company.
Vodafone are a complete shambles the logistics of ordering a broadband line has and still is a nightmareI thought Openreach were bad but Vodafone have surpassed them for incompetence
I have been a t-mobile phone customer for 24 yr.  In the past year 4X my password was changed on my account without my authorization.  After the fact I received an email and a text saying that the change was made and if I didn't make the change I should call.  When I call they say that this is not possible and don't even seem to try to be concerned.Worse yet on one of the 4 occasions when the password was changed someone paid my bill using  info on file 4 days ahead of the scheduled autopay date.  Tmobile did see that this happened as online payments are coded differently than autopayments.  To me this would appear that someone may have testing the system.  However tmobile would only repeat that this will never happen again and I should not be worried.
I don’t have a complaint about wireless service or coverage. I do have a huge complaint about today’s customer Service.  Customer service was not this bad 1 - 2 years ago. Now you call and they don’t listen to you. It’s like they’re told to say you owe them money. I told the last representative that I wanted to talk to his manager and he didn’t want to transfer that call. He kept telling me I owe them money and there’s no need to talk to anyone else. It’s so frustrating and disappointing that T-Mobile hires unprofessional people and please T-Mobile hire people who speaks decent English. I’m done with T-Mobile!!
"I had someone give me a quote for AT&T cellular, as I was having the AT&T fiber installed. Needless to say the wireless quote was way lower than what I was paying. So I made the switch and guess what, after it was all said and done I’m paying more. After many calls to customer service, which is a joke, I found out that I had the best deal possible. So now I’m paying less for a lesser service. If someone comes to your door selling their cellular, stay away and just realize it’s not what it appears."
"I visited your Harrow store on December 11, 2024, to port my number from another network and take advantage of an online offer that I found. I was assisted by Store Manager Hafsa, and the situation has since been plagued by mistakes, delays, and poor communication.Chronology of Events:1. Initial Porting Error & Promise of £75 Offer:On December 11, 2024, I went to the Harrow Vodafone store to port my number and purchase a broadband package. While attempting the porting process, Store Manager Hafsa made an error with the phone numbers. She assured me that the issue would be resolved within 24-48 hours and also confirmed that I would receive a £75 offer on my account.2. Service Disruption:Despite this promise, after 3 days, the issue persisted. I contacted Hafsa again, and she informed me that it would take another 48 hours to resolve. During this time, my temporary Vodafone SIM stopped working as of December 12, and I was left without service. I continued using my old SIM for two more days, but it, too, was deactivated, leaving me without network or internet access for over 48 hours.3. Further Delays & Inadequate Solutions:I returned to the Vodafone store, where I was provided with another temporary SIM, with added minutes and 15GB of data and its finished within some days and I recharged my self .However, the problem remained unresolved, and I was repeatedly told by customer service to wait another 48 hours for activation.4. Unclear Communication & Rude Behavior:I requested a callback from a manager, and a representative claimed to be a manager, promising a resolution in another 24-48 hours. Unfortunately, nothing happened. I called customer service again, and this time, I was transferred to the technical department, where I was subjected to rude behavior and a repetitive response to “wait another 48 hours.”5. Transfer Confirmation from Previous Provider & PAC Code Issues:After speaking with my previous network provider, I was informed that the porting process had already been completed. I then requested either my Vodafone SIM to be activated or for a PAC code to be issued. However, Vodafone customer care informed me that they were unable to issue a PAC code due to unspecified reasons.6. Incorrect Information Regarding £75 Offer:On December 24, 2024, I spoke with Hafsa again, and during this call, she informed me that the £75 offer I was promised was not applicable to me and was only for existing customers. This contradicts the email confirmation I received on December 11, which clearly outlined the offer. I find this inconsistency and lack of accountability deeply frustrating.Current Status:As of December 26, 2024, my original phone number (which I have been using for the past four years) is still not activated, and I am unable to use my Vodafone account or services. This ongoing issue has caused severe disruption to my personal and professional life, including affecting my work, communication with family and friends, and overall connectivity.Resolution ASAP ,I will escalate the issue to Ofcom and other relevant authorities."
Was a customer with Vodafone for a number of years and just couldn't get out of my contract took a contract out with them and it was for £40 per month but when I got my first bill it was for £45 and it was in 2 parts 1 for phone and 1 for usage when I asked about this they said that this was the contract I'd taken out which wasn't and it stayed like this for a few months and they kepted messing up on taking payment for my phone and not line rental so I had to make a few months payment to catch up and a few months later I was paying over £50 a month and when questioned them about this they said it was to do with every April that it would rise I tried to cancel saying that they changed the contract that I took out but just got threatened with a huge bill so I was stuck paying this till the end of my contract which as now finally ended thank God but I'm still left paying for the phone which is around £250 for I iphone 13 which I pay £22 a month for which is totally useless as is a broken but at least I'm not in a contract with them no more so that's the end of the nightmare with them well hopefully 😀
"I called because I’m thinking of switching companies. New plans at new places offer discounts. I have been with AT&T since we had bag phones. The rep actually said, she has t-mobile. They offer good deals"
"AT&T is complete trash. My internet (fiber) has been down for three weeks now. So what do they do? Slow my hot spot. AT&T is loosing me millions on deals that I do from home on my WiFi and I called them and I got a simple apology. If you loose a f$&3 million dollars a f***** day. Sir. Pardon my ignorance. But your apology means nothing. Reimburse me ATT, you c$$$"
"Disgusting incompetent service, no complaint call back issued. Advisors lied and no notes left. Very poor excuse of a company, spent hours everyday for a week to resolve the matter. Manager call backs promised by Paras, not issued. Escalating to ombudsman."
AT&T needs to invest more on training their human reps. The service is so below sub zero!
"I have been a T-Mobile customer for many many years. I was recently offered an upgrade by 2 different sales people. 3 lines for $165 and free iphones. Received my phones and the first bill. I'm being charges monthly for each phone. After many phone calls to customer service i'm being told that they would never offer a free phone. Then they promised to provide a 30$ monthly credit for phone charge, but that was a lie too. That will never happen. All i hear is that i'm sorry. We made a mistake. Don't ever buy T-mobile service. They steal your money"
"Never had so much trouble with upgrading a phone, out of contract since 2023 and still having issues, got a new phone today and told can’t keep number. Shops are useless and lost money on deposits. Recommend 02 plus been with Vodafone 23 years"
"Unable to change password.  I received notice that my password has been breached so I want to change it.  Using their page, I continually get the ""something went wrong"" message.  Go to service, no numbers to be found.  The most intelligent AI chatbot does not understand ""I want to talk to someone"" and happily points me back to the login page.  It does not work.  Have I been hacked, I don't know yet.  But AT&T surely isn't too concerned if I have."
"I left t mobile for spectrum, and they hit me with a $173 bill after I had already paid their ""final bill"" at the time I switched carriers.  Total scam!!!"
"I was a T-Mobile customer for about three months for my business.  When I signed up, I was promised rebates for bringing my own device and for switching from a competitor.  Understandably, there was a 90 day wait for those rebates.  However, the rep also promised me a $100 credit per month for four months to cover a Comcast Mobile termination fee.  I had this in writing from the T-Mobile sales rep.  I had to call each month for over one hour each time and talk to various reps to get the credit.  It was a fight every month.  In addition, I live in Delaware near the beach and the reception was horrible.  Dropped calls frequently (including when I was calling T-Mobile customer service).  Yes, the service reps are very nice but the bottom line was the never did what they said they were going to do and the overall network service in both Maryland and Delaware was marginal at best (on all the lines I had).  When I finally dropped T-Mobile I was four days into the next billing cycle.  They charge for the for the full month and do not pro rate.  It was a very bad experience dealing with the network quality and literally hours on the phone with them trying to settle billing issues."
"We had a sales lady come to our home to switch from verizon to AT&T. We were excited to hopefully have better service in our area. With this being said our AT&T represenative was very nice and you could tell she was frustrated as well.  She arrived at 5pm and at 10pm still at our house and had to leave and none of our phones had been ported over. For my job I can't be without a phone. By noon the next day my phone was working but the other two on the plan were not. Around 24 hours later another line was working but my husbands was not. Several days go by and unfortunately as this time i receive a text that my husband has a new line and he needs to activate his phone. My husband some how loses his phone and so AT&T states to file an insurance claim. What no one tells you is that if the phone has been used then insurance won't replace it.... So after hours of speaking with AT&T and getting no where I had to purchase a phone out of pocket... Yes I understand my husband lost his phone and that is his responsibility, but if he had service and was able to use it then he probably wouldn't has set it somewhere and left it. It is frustrating to be told one thing and then have to deal with the extra. I should have stayed with Verizon. Unfortunately I will be staying with them. I was excited to be back with AT&T and it definately was a rough experience."
"If I could rate AT&T 0 stars I would, horrible horrible service. My PAID phone service got cut off THREE separate times for no apparent reason within the last two weeks. I spent about 2 hours in the store 2 separate times and an hour on the phone. I spoke to their “loyal” program and they want to credit my account $11. They have no problem collecting your bill money but can’t make sure your service is working. What????"
"For context, I'm currently stationed in northern Japan. Back in mid Dec 2023, all T mobile users here suffered a service outage. I called tech support and they acknowledged that there was a tower issue and they are working to resolve it. Approximately 3 weeks go by and I finally have my data back. I called customer support to discuss the possibility of getting some kind of credit since I went 3 weeks to both of my lines without any service. First she offered $50. I told her that I didn't think it was a fair compensation on a $142 bill so she agreed and offered to cover the full amount. A week goes by and no adjustment, I contacted them again and they reassured that it was being worked. A few more weeks goes by and no adjustment. I made contact again and they now tell me a person named Ronalyn had to review and approve the credit. More time goes by and I sent another message asking for Ronalyn and all they could do is send her a message asking her to give me a call back. In the meantime they credited me $20 two times for a total of $40 saying that was all they were allowed to credit me for. I called one last time in mid March 2024 and the lady I spoke had her management team review all the chat history for the last 3 months. She acknowledged about the promise of the credit however stated that it was a FALSE promise. No one on her team not even her managers could help me and that the only thing she can do is put in another message to Ronalyn from the San Anotonio dept to give me a call but even then she could promise me that she would call. 3 and half months since this issue and still not resolved. $40 credit on a $142.11 bill  when I had no service at all for 3 out of the 4 weeks, is that fair compensation? I will state that when I was with Sprint I never had issues. Tmobile has absolutely been Horrible!"
"My experience with T Mobile the worst company that I have dealt with in my 76 years. I went.to the Mechanicsville Va store and got the internet gateway to try for 15 daysI could not get a good signal to far from tower. I took it back 4 days later and was told we won't take it back and to drive another 30 minutes to another store where they took it back. That's only the beginning I started getting charged 55.00A month for 2 months on credit card.I called and they said they would take care of it. I called again two weeks later and they said it would be taken care ofI called again and sorry.it would be taken care of and today I get a collections notice for 110.00I called again and asked to speak to manage and got no satisfaction. I just filed a complaint with the Attorney General Office ,BBB and FCC to have this removed from my credit report. I will never go near a t Mobile office againPs I received a bill for 95.33 for equipment. I received a email from Marty ceo of the response team telling I returned the equipment on 11/16/23 and not on 10/16/23 and he would offer to erase the 95.33 if The claim was over. I sent the receipt for the return showing 10/16  now that's  the ceo of the response team can't even get it right. I made him a offer to have bills showing zero balance and a letter from the so called non collections company alliance saying zero balance is owed.Sent from my Galaxy"
"The WORST service that I’m absolutely dumbfounded. Called to get a receipt for a temporary eSIM. A receipt. 1 hour goes by and they still can’t resolve the issue, I ask to speak to the supervisor who turns out to be the absolute worst person for the job imaginable. The person’s name was AJ. After explaining my situation to him and that I’ve been on the call with them for an hour, AJ had zero apologies but instead began to argue with me over their incompetence 😂 said that their security is just SO good that they can’t access my account by any means. When I said that this experience was disappointing, he has the nerve to argue and say “no it is not” after which I hung up. So AJ if you’re reading this, hope you get fired and work someplace FAR from customers."
"I opened with att in May 2024 transferred from Verizon wireless. ATT sale agent said that she takes waiver the activation charges for 4 lines and other discounts. But att charged over $356.00 in June 2024. I kept call att and emailed her the charges. She said that it would credit back to me in June or July 2024, but not that credit back to me. I called & emailed both her and her supervise/manager, but no responses and not fixed it. It’s totally lied to me. I am upset and so forth, so I will move att to different carrier in July or soon."
Vodaphone most rubbish network on this earth and three both connected because crap customer service appaling rudness at branch for charging phone and promotion of bollocks in everyone faces I don’t wanna go on an app only to find naked men or women on there you’re a network provider not a Ann summers or porn site since we all have access to this rubbish we can all see it but what’s the need for it we don’t wanna see people unecarry body parts since there are married and unmarried people don’t force us to see what we don’t wanna see so callled very NOTme rewards my ass promoting asses 24hoyrs a day
I called customer service to see how much roaming was for Tunisia as I am going there for a week. The rude man reeled off lots of prices then said fir New Zealand? I corrected him and he went on to tell me that he was certain I said New Zealand? I advised it was impossible and he laughed. I asked for a manager and he terminated the call. Awful is all I can say. When my contract is up I will be looking for a new provider.
"This company is just crap and what ever you do stay away. This is a scam and don't fall victim to their schemes. I had a wifi device that is a hotspot and I went to Boston and Norfolk (which are in the US by the way) it said LTE and it had one bar so when I connected to it, it said NO INTERNET. We are in the US what ever happened to when atnt said ""we cover the ""WHOLE"" US this is BS and a scam at best"
Worst customer service I’ve ever experienced. I tried them 7 years ago and left because of awful CS. Came back today and had my fiber plan approved and decided to back out because of the excruciatingly terrible service. If this company was a startup and not a monopoly it would never get off the ground.
"So I'm in quite a shocking experience with this lot. No broadband connection a month in, multiple calls and chats with various departments asking for my inside leg measurements (well, my year of birth, PIN number, account number, name). They seem unable to fix a basic router malfunction issue which could be easily fixed by sending out a new £20 router. Weird, distressing, odd, weird. I will update."
The worst experience I ever had !!!! Been on the phone 2 freaking hours just to get my internet situated !! Do not recommend
"Broadband keeps dropping out. Even after a replacement hub, for which the only way to get one was to have them set up a new contact rather than just sorting a new hub then and there. The broadband hubs feel like they were made as cheaply as possible and work almost as well. Stick with Sky"
"For the past four months our landline has not been working; either no tone, or no incoming call or a lot of static.  Every time we call, they say we are working on it.  There are too many trees in the area!  That is B.S.  They have not credited me for all the money that I have paid them and they try to convince me to get their mobile service.  Dream on."
"One of the worst companies I've ever interacted with. They made a mistake and trying to fix it has cost me a ridiculous amount of time and money, and no one seems to be able to make things right, let alone do a gesture for all my time wasted. I RECOMMEND TO ANYBODY TO STAY AS FAR AWAY AS POSSIBLE."
This company is a total rip off to customers.I can't wait to finish my contract and find another company. The service is terrible.
"I’ve come to this company, which was truly the worst decision I’ve ever made. I will find a way to get out of this horrible contract because I have been lied to for the last 4 months and no one seems to care. There is always a reason they can’t do anything to help me and I’m truly upset. I was told by a representative that when I can to AT&T from T-Mobile that they would buy me out of my contract with T-Mobile and now I have a balance in collections for $255 dollars that I just found out about today. Not to mention, I was told that my bill would be $89 a month and the lowest bill I’ve seen has be $125…. And every rep that I have spoken with has been unable to assist me.  This is ridiculous across the board and I truly truly truly DESPISE AT&T.  This isn’t fair at all and I want out of this contract."
"I’m a first responder, Me and my wife both need to keep in touch. Signed up for att first net and added two devices only to be told I need to pay out almost $3000 to get started. I’ve never been more baffled till now, That’s just crazy."
"Stay away from this company their billing practices boarder on criminal!  My closing date for my account was 10/11/23.  They charge ahead for their services so when I canceled on 10/12/23 I figured I would be refunded for all $60 - less 1 or 2 days.  Today I get another bill for $60(11/4/23)!  I called T-Mobile billing & was told ""yes bill is pay ahead.  Because I did not cancel before start of new cycle I am responsible for the full month""!!!  What type of customer service is this! Now I am paying double for my service, because new & better customer service company Consumer Cellular, charges after use!Again STAY AWAY FROM TMOBILE THEY ARE NOT A REPUTABLE COMPANY PUNISH YOU FOR DECONTINUING THEY PLANS!!!"
"This review will be posted daily, until such time Vodafone have provided a, 'Positive response' and addressed the issue that i have raised with them. (The 'Bog Standard Reply') does nothing to enlighten me with their service!!! I have reported this item, through Vodafone, and their response below shows that they have not bothered to investigated further to confirm!Bring on the, 'Professional personnel' within Vodafone, who can resolve this issue? And provide me with compensation, for the service that i am not receiving, (which i am paying for from 14th September 2024).Vodafone have an ongoing issue with their, 'Ultra Hub' within my Post Code area! Which results in the connection dropping out, multiple times a day, every day, every week! I have been informed by their, 'Tech Team' that this issue has been present since  the 14th September 2024. I have also been informed that this, 'issue' has been caused by the FAILURE of the Manufacture of this, 'Ultra Hub' in not carrying out a, 'Software upgrade' to rectify this known fault! Vodafone do not appear to know as to, 'When' this will be carried out???? Vodafone, 'Please pull your finger out' and give your Supplier a, 'Kick up the - -  - -' to get this done now!! As a Customer i expect to pay for a, 'First Rate service'? I do not expect to pay for a, 'Third Rate Service' which i am currently getting!!! (Answers now please), Thank you."
"I am exhausted trying to discuss anything with these people because they out and out LIE.EDIT****  I don't have facebook or Twitter, or Instagram.  It is impossible  to contact you any other way and you keep sending me text messages that won't load and I can't read!!  You know I can't read the texts because you put a stop on the data!!  For a company that makes people pay for communication you do a really bad job of it."
I have talked to 10 different people trying to transfer my landline back to a t & t.  I have to keep explaining over and over again.  It's been since the ending of July that I started this.  They are of no help.
Service is always out been having trouble for 2 weeks now but they still want you to pay when there Service is mostly down going to try to find better service
I purchased a prepaid international add on plan for a week while in Italy. While the internet worked and the messaging sometimes worked I could not call out and calls from Italy could not come in. I couldn't even call AT&T from my phone. A few US calls were received. Spent two separate hours on the phone with AT&T to try to fix this from my husband's phone whose AT&T plan was working. . On second one the agent could call my phone after trying to fix it (not sure where from) but when I went to call out a few hours later once again it did not work. Called AT&T for a refund--was sent back and forth among departments and a refund was denied (after 5 contacts/attempts to contact) because there was evidence of some service usage. I could not call out for 95% of my time. THis is very poor customer service and AT&T took no responsibility for the phone function not working almost all the time. Do not get this plan.
"AT&T is the WORST company and I suggest you never, ever, ever use them! Someone very special to me bought me my phone from an AT&T store as a gift, but when he got the phone he put it in his name not knowing the nightmare it wouldbe to get it out of his name to put in my name. We spoke to AT&t forover 3 Hours trying to get thetransfer pin and to  put the phonein my name and even after several phone calls with both of us on thephone with AT&t's customerservice the phone was NEVER putin my name! It made it almostimpossible for me to get anothermobile wireless company becauseAT&t is so expensive! They werecharging me almost twice whatany other company out therewould charge me for one phoneone line! Finally, after a year I wasable to go with another companyPaying less than half of what AT&T was charging me! Do not ever use AT&t they are a rip-off in my honest opinion!"
The worst costumer service. After 17 years I am changing provider. T Mobile lies and charge so much more. The worst ever!!!
This is the worst company to try and do business with. Can't speak to live people. Haven't had internet from the time I paid for it. They want me to pay my bill before they will even talk to me. Not paying bill because they haven't delivered product. I still have no internet. Waiting for it to go to collection and maybe I can speak to someone about selling something that actually works. Can't pay for promises and lies
worst customer service ever did lie about your charges. never get AT&T service it's a waste of time and money
"Broadband internet has done nothing but disconnect 4-5 times a day for the last few weeks. Tried different routers. Tried different sockets. Still the same thing. Ring up Vodafone ""Nothing is wrong on our end, please give us access to your camera so we can see your router."" I say no because I don't have a phone that can do that. ""Then we can't assist you."" Garbage service, EE cost more but they were a lot more helpful than the ""Tech Experts"" they have for this joke of a company. Even whilst writing this it has disconnected yet again. God awful. Can't wait for my contract to be up so I can switch to someone else."
"I was with Tmobile for over 20 years. The only payment I missed was after Hurricane Wilma in like 2004. I didn't have service that entire month. It all started in June when I returned a old Samsung Flip phone 3. The Screensaver separates at the fold. It is my 3rd one. They sent me a refurbished one. When I sent it back on time!!!! I saved the receipt it was never scanned at the warehouse. Long story short, 5 months later, 12 hours on the phone and 2 trips to the store. They constantly took out and put in $1100 and $2200 out of an account that I only use to pay bills. Not only does it come out. It is constantly ""pending"". So I have multiple times it goes in and out. So I call all the time. I was very nice in the beginning. Wells Fargo told me to immediately take them off bill pay. After it was finally settled. It happened again!!! My 0 balance went to $1279 because they kept hitting me with late fees. The customer service rep said I should have had the money to cover the $1100 in good faith. 17× my $65 bill. Now I have $2200 in my Wells Fargo account that they can't take out!!! I called them and let them know that I have their money. The lady got me so mad. I went to Patriot Mobile. I am waiting on the SIM card. I called one more time to talk to a supervisor. Another 44 minutes on hold. So now 12 hours. He said he was the number one guy in the entire USA at Tmobile. He said it would be 3-5 days until he EMAILS his team. I said you are a phone company and you can't call them? I said you don't understand...I am not going to be your customer in 5 days! They don't give a crap!! It is a bunch of kids and foreigners. They don't care about the company. They can't deal with a 61 year old retired buisinessman who doesn't tolerate foolishness. Find another company."
Hi all had Vodafone broadband for 22 months yes my contract is almost over 2 months and I finished with Vodafone broadband goes off every day  gos off and more often it goes off multiple times during the day I can honestly say that it's the worst broadband I have ever had finally my broadband is almost over thanks for listening my John Dunning
I went into att to switch carriers. I had to put my information in 3 different times each time requiring a verification with their fraud department. The first time the fraud department said I did not have to give a deposit I said ok then they said I had to do the process over again. The fraud department then said I had to put down $1000 I said fine. Then they said I had to do the process over again which made no sense. The third time I had to go through the fraud department again which said I had to put down a 3000 deposit for two phones costing 1400. I was not going to pay 3000 for phones. We went through the entire process and when I agreed they said we had to do it again three times in a row going from no deposit to 1000 deposit then 3000 deposit. It made absolutely no sense and wasted 6 hours of my time. The employees in the store told me that the fraud department do not speak to eachother and they can tell you something contradictory to one anotherr. At the end of the day I wasted a day and a half in what I can only describe as a bizarre experience. After which I went to Verizon and within 45 minutes I received both phones and a smart watch with no money down. After reading different reviews on here I feel Ive dodged a bullet by not signing with att.
"Absolutely awful, can’t get to speak to anyone that that awful txt service where they promise to do things and don’tThey said my direct debit was sorted and wasn’t. Diabolical I’ll be going elsewhere soon as this contract is done"
I have been a att customer since Bellsouth mobility for no reason they increase my cell bill 25.00 . They truly don't believe in customer in keeping your business.I true wouldn't recommend AT@T wireless and this coming from a person who has Been with thee since Bellsouth Mobility but no more.
"I hate ATT! I left Tmobile because of their terrible customer service. They are stellar compared to ATT. Everyone i spoke to told me something different. Supervisors have no authority to do anything.  I spoke to one rep for one hour and 55 minutes and two days later they refused to honor exception she promised. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR CURRENT CARRIER, YOU WILL REGRET IT. I cant wait to get out of this contract."
"I don’t normally write bad reviews, ever.I wish I could choose 0 stars.Ever since switching from EE to this network and have had nothing but trouble. I have immense amounts of 5g but never get it only 4g. And I’m lucky if IEven get any signal let alone the 5g I PAY FOR.I pay you guys £60 a month, 30 for my phone and 30 for my contract. And I’m paying for f1ck all.I use my phone for work appointment with clients and can’t even check who I have booked in because of your awful service.I was told my 5g was down for 3 days, that’s tuned into 3 weeks almost a month.And even before it was ‘down’ my signal was horrendous.Please save your money and don’t go with this network honestly. Not worth your money at all and are defiantlyNOT ‘the uks fastst network’Unfortunately I’m stuck with you lot for another 2 years. If I could cancel my contract I would in a heartbeat. Do better ffs."
"When I leave AT&T, I will never be going back. I ordered a mobile device on May 15, 2024, three times as an upgrade, and all orders have been canceled for no reason. Supervisor can’t figure it out, no one. I am on my 4th order and have very little doubt that it will ship. Today is June 14, 2024, still no device. The device is in stock in all colors, smh. Do not use AT&T as your phone carrier!"
VERY DISAPPOINTED CUSTOMER!Their reception in London is awful and their customer service and web applications continually have issues. I suggest you chose any other provider as Vodafone are next to useless!!!
"The AT&T that is at Costco is a HUGE Scam. They will tell you ANYTHING to get you to join their service. We traded in our own PAID OFF (new) phones, to get new ""free"" phones. When the new iPhone came out we wanted to gift our phones to someone and buy new phones, they charged us $1200 each phone which means we got ZERO value for the phones we gave them. ALL because they FAILED to tell us the conditions that came with the phones. They just wanted us to get to sign the contract. I AM BEYOND disappointed. The customer service was nice but they literally did NOTHING."
Just Update !today 7/10/2024 replacement device don't offered from Vodafone .Created Case already !contacted all social media platforms and same no improvement just promises !!!!!Avoid this company canceled all direct debits !Be aware people !Never had this bad experience!!!!!!
No signal in central London and they charge you to use phone in Europe
"AT&T is a sorry excuse for customer service! I wrote a review a week ago. I want to know how to get in touch with corporate. They need to train their customer service team in having respect. Ask me if you can call me Lisa. I went on the Crap App to upgrade a phone and for 45 minutes I couldn’t find the line I wanted to upgrade. It kept bringing me back to my line. All the devices should show up anyway.  Then I do the surveys and it still doesn’t touch on the issue I had. I was going to put it in the comments, but it shut me down before I could. I would change my service but I don’t trust I will get a better service.🤷"
"T-Mobile Money are Employees are a compulsive liars, habitual liars, pathological liars, scammers, Ponzi schemers. They are very inconsiderate. They were close customers are pills for no reason. You file disputes, they think your threat for filing disputes and/or too many disputes. Because they figured out that someone was stealing your identity and stealing your money from the card. So then they came to a decision to close your account. I don’t recommend T-Mobile Money. Stay away from these careless morons"
"One of the line holders on my account passes away. TMobile says I have to continue to pay for the leased phone. This is how they treat customers of over 20 years. I recommend you don't add people to your account, because if they die, you'll be paying for it for 3 years."
DONNOT EVEN THINK ABOUT GETTING ANY CONTRACT WITH THESE SCAMMERS … ALL THEY CARE ABOUT IS UOUR MONEY 💰 THEY DONT CARE ABOIT CUSTOMERS ORIENTATION. Nope 👎🏾 please Go for EE NETWORK THEY ARE WAY BETTER AND CHEAPER AND MORE CUSTOMER FRIENDLY 👌🏽
Customer services absolutely appauling. Twice got cut off after call handler couldn't be bothered to keep going after 45 minutes or so -  after agreeing problem was difficult to fix. They literally couldn't be bothered to keep on the call.
"AT&T air internet is the worst Internet I have ever had. It is intermittent all day everyday. I stream everything, so imagine trying to watch a movie when your internet keeps turning off and on all day long. They have sent their people out here many times to repair to no avail. I am truly done with you guys. I just cancelled my direct tv which is owned by AT&T and I will be cancelling my internet and mobile phone plans as well.  Bye forever AT&T!"
"I have not been one of your customers since April 2024 and you are still sending me bills to pay. Stop sending me the bills.Shame on youI want you to send me an email I can contact you on.03/12/2024I am still getting bills to pay from Vodafone, why are you still sending me these bills, I have not been your customer now for 8 months. Remove me from your list. I don't know my account number any more, stop now, you are causing me so much stress I'm having mental health issues caused by you03/01/2025I am still receiving bills from this company"
"I opted for the Vodafone Pro Fiber Full 500 couple of months ago but sadly the internet speed is nowhere close to that. I have installed two super wifi boosters but still no improvement. Even Netflix shows keep buffering in between.I would call their customer care but dont have time to waste hours on the line with no solution, which is what happened last time. Unfortunately we have learnt to live with the slow speed and poor service as Vodafone is least bothered"
If I could give them a zero I would!! I am 13 days behind on my bill. I don't have a pass due balance. They shut me off. They refuse to work with me. In two days I was able to pay them. They refused a payment arrangement and to turn my phone back on. They are worst then comcast!!!
"It is so bad service the signal is bad every at city centre, all my friends straggling to hear me always there is problem also the internet hung up a lot, am regret it paying all that money for bad services, I’ve got one year left I will definitely leave forever 👎🏻"
Network speed slower than slow! I pay for Unlimited Max data and yet download speed is less than 10Mbps!18 months ago i enjoyed 40Mbps download speed then last year it dropped to 20Mbps and this year it is less than 10Mbps. I have contacted them previously but their support people just give one size fits all answers.If your reading this Mr Vodafone please give me a contact number to phone so i can speak to someone who knows what is what.
"Having a business account for over six years, biggest mistake was to leave Verizon and go to T-Mobile. I always went to the Bethpage store on Broadway this past January. I got new phones handed my old phones and nothing was ever applied to my account and the promotion was also never applied to my account. I have been calling T-Mobile since February And now we are in December. Not only the corporate office is giving me the runaround and saying I’m really sorry my hands are tied so is the store. At this Bethpage store the crew constantly changes every few months, which is very fishy. My bill has more than doubled and today I received a call From the business department because again I have a business account. She put me on hold she came back on the phone and gave me the same spiel, Which was I’m really sorry I know it’s frustrating. Go to another store. You do the running around. There’s nothing we can do. And if I can give them less than zero, I would"
"If I could pick 0 stars I would,  but it isnt available.  Their customer service is terrible.  They dont listen when you tell them you have issues.  I plan to run,  not walk away from AT&T for good.  All they care about is the almightly dollar.  BUYER BEWARE.  Their current rating doesnt surprise me."
"I have been charged, on my credit card, for 10 months for mobile hotspot service after leaving T-Mobile for a competitor.  They ""can't"" stop charging me over the phone.  I have to go into a retail location.  Would be easier to just shut down the credit card."
"Terrible customer service, everything takes an age, no smiles, staff drinking juice at front desk,  another staff member rolled eyes. Not able to change trade in from post to instore option"
"honestly criminal, I got a phone at the store which had many issues that they replaced. however, they didnt have the replacement in stock, they ordered one. It didnt show for two weeks and i couldnt continue to have a phone that worked 50% of the time. I went back in and the store gave me the next best one for no upcharge. HERE IS WHERE THINGS WENT WRONG. new person, did the activation under a ""Lease"" even though i paid for the phone in full originally. They were not able to back up the error because the IMEI and other numbers were already in the system because of the activation. After HOURS they gave me a credit for the ""lease"" on my account. fast forward until now, lease is up and they are asking me if i want to KEEP my phone or RETURN it. well its mine, i paid in full. i called in to tell them this and they argued, told me i was wrong, they said i got the upgraded phone and its worth more so NOW i need to pay for it. total joke, scam, and should be illegal."
"DO NOT SIGN UP WITH VODAFONE. I have used them for 10 years plus. But recently their service has been extremely poor. Their broadband is either constantly down or slow. The customer service team do not help and refuse to find any solutions, leaving the customer stressed. This is unacceptable from a service provider I have been a long term customer with."
Upgrade phone delivered 3 days later than stated in the order. Now they're saying I would have to wait 3 to 5 working days for my e-sim to arrive because my trade-in hasn't been processed yet.
"Absolutely horrendous network provider. Left me stranded in the wind, no network, couldn't book a taxi and no wifi closeby!!! I absolutely HATE VODAFONE.You guys disgust me."
"I will never do business with AT&T again. They offer you promotions and then they don’t honor them. You spend hours on the phone with their reps, trying to get them to honor their promotions. Sometimes you succeed, but sometimes you fail and that is not acceptable for them to treat customers like that. I got an iPad based on a promotion that I was promised, and they never honored it. I called them several times over the course of eight months and they never honored their word. So, I finally got frustrated enough after hours on the phone with their customer care people that I cancelled the line because they didn’t honor what they had promised. Of course they promise these things, but don't put them in writing.After all this, then they had the gall to charge me a disconnect fee. I will never do business with this company again. And for the record, this was a transaction through an actual AT&T corporate store."
Would like to when I got service said the bill would be $70 plus tax is well over $90 a month he said it was a free phone but I'm making payments on it each month and a 3-year contract called customer service they were horrible seems like every word comes out of their mouth is a lie
"If I could give zero stars, I would.  Alexander Graham Bell would be so ashamed that the company he founded has zero integrity today!!The company changes their operating systems without notifying customers.  And, I strongly believe that this is in an effort to have customers enroll in auto-pay or be charged a service fee for having a customer service rep process the payment.  I, for one, will never enroll in auto-pay with AT&T as I do not trust them!!For years I have paid my internet bill through the automated system.  Then since the last 6 months or more each time I call the system automatically routes me to a live agent. None of the reps with whom I spoke since this started happening was able to explain why this was happening.  Finally, today I got a rep who explained that the system started linking my phone number with an account I had some time ago for phone services (and which I no longer have).  Now, I would have to key in the account number for the internet service.This is not the first time that shady ATT changed their system and created confusion and frustration for customers. For over 10 years I had been paying my bills thru the auto system using a bank account and had never used the 4 zeros with which the account started.  Suddenly last year, the auto system could not recognize my banking info.  Almost a year and several calls later, I was told that I now had to key in the 4 zeros.If the company truly cared about the customers, we would be notified when these changes are made.  Or at least, the customer service reps should be properly trained so that they can resolve these issues for the customers."
Scam artists. Called to get Internet. Lady told me they cover my area. Find out they don't. Customer service representative took a 100 bucks knowing at&t had no coverage in my area! I'm filing fraud charges with mank! YOUR NOT GETTING AWAY WITH THIS!
I used to love them however after having my phone for 5 years and payingEVERY MONTH for the protection plan I drop my phone in toliet and its barely working. So my fiance calls Saturaday night sunday monday cuz of hos midnight shift and starts a claim. My phone will be sent off monday at 12 midnight. NOT iTS TUESDAY 930 PM AND MY PHONE may be sent out in 3 days..not holding my breathe since they cant cant find a phone. I called and cant pay more towards another phone and when  i am done on phone i tell guy6 to hang up since my phone is garbage and after my call on another phone and 10 mins later he starts talking and REFUSED to hang up. i yelled to hang up another 5 times and refused. i give them 0 stars and i used to like them. my wedding has been moved up since my mothers dying of COPD and 5 different heart issues and i cant get a phone ive been paying for ... for 5 years. IDIOTSSSS!!!!!!!!
it now seems that to go into your vodaphone shop fpr some help you will have to book an appointment for which they will charge you £25.that leaves me with the option of finding another supplier and i dont think i will be alone .
AT@T I haven't ever had so much trouble than with this company I switched thinking it would be better I was so wrong first week there phone service went down for a day of two now people are able to steal are phone numbers and my phones been acting up all the way around not a good company
Horrible customer service. I always was unable to make calls because I didn’t have enough bars . So glad I switched to Verizon
"My Google pixel 8 bought 10 months ago has the dreaded white line down the screen. It’s a well known fault and all over the internet but my local Vodafone shop has told me I must have dropped it and they want nothing to do with it. My Dad was with them since 1984 and never had an issue until they told him they weren’t interested in his iPhone issue, so he moved to EE, have I got to do the same?"
"I was trying to purchase one of there Military Plans and was quoted a specific rate including trade in for 3 phone at no cost. A glitch in getting me a docusign agreement to sign was the beginning of my problems. The original rep who was going to fix it never called back. The next rep was going to check but never called back. The next rep sent me to a local store that was unable to help me. The next rep said they could fix it but it would take 24 hours and someone would call me, which they did. That rep however advised me that the plan I was quoted (and verified with each rep along the way did not exist and i would have to pay an additional $30 per month to get the phones i wanted. I then spoke to a supervisor who told me the same thing. So, multiple hours over 4 days wasted."
Signed up for service and was promised a couple rewards cards valued at $150. Didn't receive them. They don't use a system that tracks deliveries. Told me I had to file theft charges with the police. Shouldn't they have to do that since the items never came into my possession?
"I have been on the phone with AT&T For 3 hours. No one knows what they are doing...It is appalling that I can't get service to my New home. 3 customer service Reps and a supervisor and still no satisfaction. All I want is internet. Check this out,   I (not them) had to Contact the present owners who I've never met to get them to submit a date of cancelation before I can get service. Even though the have all the information in their system WOW! When I got back to them My entire order was canceled. They kept asking for a electric bill or water bill to prove I live there but I haven't  moved in yet. In one week I will move in and just wanted internet on when I arrive. My Electric, water and garbage will all be turned on on that date with no problem and in 15 minutes of contacting them But,  for some reason AT&T has made it so difficult I had to hang up. I am a very patient man but this is the worst operation I have ever seen.  If it's this difficult to get service on I can't imagine what it would be like to cancel.I expect AT&T corporate to contact me but I have little faith this will happen"
"My wife and I shared a grandfathered data plan with my mom until she died. My mom didn’t write down her AT&T password or passcode, so whether my wife and I were going to stay with AT&T or switch, the only way to do it was to go the local AT&T store to transfer our lines to an account in my name. When I went there, they told me we weren’t allowed to keep the grandfathered data plan and would have to switch to unlimited. My wife and I use very little data, so I knew at that moment we’d have to switch carriers to get a fair price for the service we need. I set up autopay and paperless billing with AT&T before I left the store that day. 3 days later I ported our numbers to another carrier, and 2 days after that I received our final AT&T bill. I didn’t know until I received this bill that AT&T doesn’t prorate final bills. In addition to charging us an entire month for only 3 days of service, they also took away the $10 per line discount we should have received for setting up autopay and paperless because I canceled our service before the bill was generated. I tried multiple times on the phone and in online chat to make my case to customer service that we were unfairly overcharged. Even if I had conceded I was at fault for not knowing they don’t prorate, they at least should have reinstated the autopay discount when I explained our situation and the reason we canceled our service. Every representative I spoke to gave the same answer: there was nothing they could do unless I reactivated our service. Doing so would have made no sense because my wife and I aren’t big data users.I will absolutely never be an AT&T customer again. They showed no mercy to a grieving family and made us pay $160.32 on our way out the door for only 3 days of service on 2 lines."
"in the past month, I have spent $18 twice for charging cables at T-Mobile. Neither one of them would last two weeks they are made in China very low quality. This is what T-Mobile thinks of their customers."
"I have been with T-Mobile seven years and I always have a payment arrangement every month because I’m a senior citizen on a fixed income .I was not able to keep the payment arrangement and only needed it to be extended by one day, which is  24 hours and they weren’t willing to accommodate me at all after seven years this is the first time they’ve ever denied me an extension!! I guess because they’ve gotten the monopoly on cell phone companies  now and all they are concerned with is making money. Thank God I don’t have a contract with them and I will never get another contract with them and as far as purchasing iPhone 15’s I will definitely be purchasing them through another company . This company offers No empathy at all,  no care or concern, and the managers are the worst."
"Appalling communicationI cancelled my account, some of the worst policies out there when it comes to cancellation."
"I tried the home internet for 1 day. Returned the device and was charged for the monthly payment. No one can tell me why since the account was deactivated. I called and spoke to 4 representatives, went to 2 stores, didn't get any help there either, and then they don't want to refund me my money. Extremely dissemination and dissatisfied all the way stove. The home internet ducked sucked."
"I'm gonna write here cause it looks like they actually respond and maybe we can get this solved. My husband took out a phone contract, it's been three weeks and the mobile data still doens't work. He's spent countless hours on the phone to vodafone customer service and they just send him through loops, now literally nothing works, we were told we have to go into a store today because they can't even find him anymore the contract just doesn't exist (but they're still trying to take out the £48 as we speak) and we need to go in store, in store are like yeah thanks for coming give them a call nothing we can do. We call them again, they literally just aren't doing anything I've actually never seen anything like it. It's completely insane. Our broadbands on vodafone and he's been on vodafone for literal years I don't get it lolUpdate: I reached out to instagram as recommended by the below response, they just keep asking me for my name and details and saying sorry and nothing ever gets fixed. To clarify, we've been paying for a contract that does not work."
Went from prepaid to postpaid and can't pay my bill thru Myatt cuz it is in my prepaid number. Have spent over 30 days trying to resolve the issues and no help. I am now responsible for a $600 phone that I can't get any info on because of my prepaid account. No wonder At&t now has a class action lawsuit against them which I will be joining
"Went to the high ridge missouri at&t store at the end of March to ""upgrade "" or so we were told. We did not upgrade at all this is the worst phone and service we ever received from at&t. The little girl working was rude as could be anyway and talked us into a complete lie. Shame on you. Then the manager says oh sorry will try not to let that happen again in so many words. Absolutely disgusted with this"
"We joined to Vodafone on 18th December and after New year we had  the problems and on 7th January it stopped working at all. Support service doesn't work. Everyday we are waiting update and they only change the date and nothing happens one week ago. Both me and my son are working remotely, but vodafone doesn't care. We are still waiting for any internet and asked the refund, will cancel this service once we get internet back..."
"If you looking for an unlimited cellphone service.Don't go to ATT, avoid them. Choose cricket or metro.Phone service sometimes work others no.And internet movil is a joke."
They lied about the plan they promised and then had the gall to steal my trade in. Every time you call in its the same 1hr conversation explaining the problem all over as if no one has written a single note of previous conversations. They promised a new S24 and payoff my trade in. Got the new S24 and they are not honoring the trade as they said time ran out! But its THEM screwing the order up twice not me!! I said send me my phone back then..reply...NO! I have never been so livid nor had such horrible service from a company. Most untrained unprofessional staff EVER!! I am going elswhere as soon as my new $400 S24 is unlocked. What a joke!
"TLDR: They took money after a free trial and getting it back is a nightmare.Signed up to test T-Mobile home internet service with two weeks trial period. Service seemed fine for what it was, but I got a better price from the service provider I already had, so I canceled with T-Mobile. Store couldn't cancel service, so I had to call. Customer service has been kind every time, but they are useless. I was charged for a month of service ($55) after I had canceled on time and returned all equipment. Upon calling for reimbursement I received $40.21, not the full repayment. That was two weeks ago and the process is on-going. I'm still owed the small amount and it's barely worth the repeated calls and confusion from service reps. I'm no legal expert, but if this is happening on a large scale it seems criminal to me. Promised free trial and they took the money anyway, making it painful to get full refund. If this is happening as a result of their ""system"" it looks like fraud to me, taking money from people with already tight budgets who need cheap internet when they promise a free trial. Won't use them again."
"Vodafone have to be one of THE absolute worst mobile phone providers currently in the UK and I'd urge anyone who's considering signing up with them to think twice about doing it!  I had several months of a nightmare time with them, trying to get my, what I thought was a no contract SIM deal with them, sorted out so that I could actually make & receive calls & texts without problems but that never happened.  I had NOTHING but major problems and couldn't make or receive calls or texts, plus they had apparently opened 2 accounts for me and had the nerve to be taking money from my bank account every month too.  I spent mind-numbing hours & hours on their 'chat' service online, 'chatting' to endless various agents, trying to get the issue sorted out, I got endlessly passed from one seemingly barely English speaking agent to another, having all sorts of promises of quick resolution, etc, made but with nothing ever being resolved.I finally pulled the plug and demanded Vodagfone cancel whatever accounts / contracts they had for me and I blocked them from taking money from my bank account for a ZERO service they ever provided me with.  The 'manager' I 'chatted' to online when I told them I was done with them and that they couldn't charge me an early cancellation fee (as I shouldn't have had a contract anyway, and they never provided me with a working service either!) tried to insist that I would have to pay a fee for early cancellation but I made sure in no uncertain terms that he knew they couldn't do that in the circumstances.  He ultimately gave in and said that I would be charged no such fee.  However, fast forward about 6 months and, lo & behold, I received a letter the other day (right before Christmas!) from Lowells (debt collectors who had sent several letters previously until I told them what the circumstances were and I was told they wouldn't contact me again!) claiming I still owe Vodafone around £25.00.  Needless to say, I'm contacting them AGAIN to reiterate that I do NOT owe Vodafone anything after the torturous fiasco and non-service I experienced with them.So, having anything to do with Vodafone can be like a recurring nightmare that you just cannot be rid of.  AWFUL company, AWFUL service and AWFUL money-grabbing, dishonest, incompetent company."
I was waiting for 25 minuters in store and never being called! Rep put me into line asked for my name and I've been watching people who was after me - they were called and served and I was NEVER called. F@cking waste of time
I would give them zero stars if I could. Switched 6 weeks ago and totally regret it. Customer service is not knowledgeable. You will spend hours on the phone with them and get a million different responses depending upon who you talk to. My account was never opened correctly. My employer discount would not be applied even though they said at the beginning it would. I will stay though my phone trade in credits then leave this horrendous company. Beware.
Omg just been told I have to sit in the garden to get a signal. Vodaphone don't guarantee signal if you are not sat in your GARDEN ???  WTF it's winter. £50 A MONTH TO SIT IN THE COLD IN THE GARDEN TO GET A SIGNAL IS JUST WRONG. WHY??? CAN SOMEONE  PLESE EXPLAIN
I am a new customer with 2 year locked price deal. I have had to update my credit card on file and have not been able to get anyone to connect with me. I sent a chat and received and email response but no one ever checked back with me. I just saw that my phone has been disconnected and now they want to charge me to turn it back on! I have never struggled so hard to give someone my money!Terrible customer service!
"After 2 days sim card doesn't work, the customer service is useless, it, a a falraud, don't buy it!"
"They deserve  a negative, they say keep and switch. It is totally  bait and switch. Lied about everything. 3 of us changed to t mobile. And it has been completely  horrible since the start.  Pay off your phone/ good luck on that. Took 6 months of countless emails and calls to get them to pay off my phone.  Said $240 each on costco gift cards. We got 2 for $75.  Our service  area has went from bad with Verizon  to horrible with Tmobile.     Will tell you your not an authorized  customer. How can you not be an authorized  customer  when you have an account with them????  I now tell everyone to stay completely  away from T mobile  it is that horrible!!!!!"
"I am a vodafone customer for many years now and have three lines on my account.  The signal is horrible since they switched off 3G.  You either get a G or E, 4G is crap and 5G is nonexistent.  What has happened to Vodafone? I cannot wait will my contracts run out and leave Vodafone.  Truly awful mobile phone company."
"Trying to transfer a number from a Vodafone account in my name to a Voxi account into my daughters name. We spent 2 hours on webchat repeating the same information to different people. We were then told to fill out a change in ownership form that would be done in 24 hours. We received email confirmation and it said we both had to be available at the same time. Myself & my daughter made sure we were together for 2 days to sort this but heard nothing back. Did another webchat today only to be told that there was apparently no record of the request, despite email confirmation. We asked to speak to a manager but were denied and just told to ring a number tomorrow. I work full time and my daughter is a full time uni student so it is difficult for us to both be available at the same time to sort out this issue. The customer service recieved has been awful. Constantly pressured with upgrades despite telling many people previously that we have already purchased a Voxi sim plan. This is deeply disappointing to a customer of over 2 years and I would no longer go back to them after this awful experience."
"RIP OFF SCAM!I am OUT OF Contract with them. I have NO commitment to them OR TO THEIR COMPANY POLICY. So....I called and instructed them to cease their service to me as I am moving to Florida. I was told the WILL continue for 30 days after and on from my instruction to stop.I explained in clear tones that they CANNOT FORCE me to take their service. Their operator said that it is company policy. I made it clear that I am not subject to their company policy and should they continue to provide a service having been instructed to cease, I will not pay them especially as I will have moved to Florida. FORCING PEOPLE TO USE THEIR SERVICES.. DISGUSTING!!See their dimwitted reply. Still insisting they can FORCE their service on us. Their policies are for them and I an not one of them.... Clearly I am NOT subject to your policies. You make it clear that because other suppliers (doubtless with their own policies designed to meet with their own requirements and not designed as a cover for Vodafone to use to slither behind while attempting to rip off ex-customers) do it therfore it is OK for you to do It. That's like a child saying ""well all the other kids do it so that makes it OK for me to do it""People are NOT subject to your policies and once out of contract with you people are actually not subject to your contract either. I do hope people are reading this and taking note of your attempts at FORCING me to use your service after you were told that you are no longer required so cease and desist.I felt sorry for your agent who had to tell me her manager couldn't speak to me because he had gone out. When I responded by saying I didn't believe that old canard and more likely her manager told her that she is an agent getting paid to deal with calls, so deal with it by herself. She didn't deny it.So....you think it is good customer service for your managers to not come and help your customer who is clearly not satisfied with your agent's help?You think it creates a good impression that your managers are out rather than doing the job of supporting their agents and indeed customers?Why didn't the assistant manager come to help?Supervisor maybe? Hmm?RIP OFF!!NB... We are not on first name terms. The correct form of address is ""sir""."
"City fibre installed the cables that was all ok, however when they tried to boot the router it wouldn't work.citt fibre are saying that the router is faulty and they spoke with Vodafone who will send another.i waited 24 hours for Vodafone to contact me about delivery but heard nothing from them. This is where it went really wrong, Vodafone customer service is really appalling,they are denying it's the router and are saying I have to wait four days for city fibre to sort it out. I was with the city fibre engineers when they spoke to Vodafone and I heard Vodafone say to the engineer that they would send a new router out to me but are now denying to me that they said that.i have spent two hours on the phone trying to sort it but they are insisting it's not there fault and that I have to wait four days for city fibre to respond.terrible customer service, I'm going to spend the weekend finding a different supplier,avoid Vodafone is my recommendation."
"It was impossible to get through to an actual agent.  After being in voicemail hell for what seemed like an hour, I finally got a link to chat.  Finally, I thought - at least I can get a chat discussion.  Just as the agent  restated what I was trying to explain, the chat disappeared.  SO that was another 20 minutes.  I never was able to solve the problem."
"No one cares or knows what they are doing. I have a mechanical issue with my phone and have been bounced around between T-Mobile and the insurance company, Assurant, a million times. Then, they finally agree that it is on T-Mobile to replace it. I filed my replacement over the phone and it said I would get a replaced in 24 hours. 48 hours later, no phone, so I call, get bounced around, and find out it was denied, but no one told me. Then, I have to trouble shoot including factory resetting my phone, which is fine. It doesn't work and I am told a replacement will be sent and it will be an upgrade as mine is not available. I don't get an email in 24 hours as they say I will, so I call 30 hours later to find out a replacement order was never put in. This time it is replaced, but they won't honor the upgrade. They say they will review the phone logs and get back to me regarding what the rep promised me. A few days later, no call, so I contact them again. I promised they will review the phone logs and get back to me. Three days later, nothing, so I contact them again. Supposedly, she called, but she didn't leave a message or make in any notes in my account. No one is willing to look at the calls, contact either rep that said they would look at the calls, or contact the rep who made the promise. About 10 days dealing with this. After almost 20 years with T-Mobile and I am walking away and will NEVER EVER come back."
"Was on hold for 2 hours total, transferred 4 different times, and the issue still went unresolved."
"Over the past few days I had the worst experience of my life trying to buy an additional line on my Vodafone account.I bought my line online and asked for porting my number from another network. I never received the eSim on email. I got in touch with Vodafone support via Tobi and the customer rep said you will receive it by end of the day. But I didn't receive receive it.Today I tried to connect with customer support via Tobi and I was shocked by the quality of service.I asked for escalation and complaint, the customer rep was resisting offering £10 as compensation. I continued to insist.To summarise, my issue is still unresolved. The quality of support is horrendous and offshoring support has surgically removed any sense of accountability, quality or ownership from Vodafone.It's a shocking experience. I will cancel both me and my wife's accounts and move my network to a competitor.My trust is completely broken!"
"Signed up via Uswitch to their broadband deal, however the price on Uswitch didn't match the price on Vodafones site. I raised a complaint and had Huzefa deal with it who was quite frankly incompetent,  said he's cancelled my broadband because they couldn't honour the deal and to sign up to another deal?! Unprofessional and glad it was cancelled now. Will let every customer know each day until they tell me why they handled my case the way they did!"
"I received my PAC code in a text, along with my Early Termination Fee (ETF). I'd like to ask, given the above, why am I being asked to pay the next instalment on my monthly bill? I've used my PAC code to join another provider, and as far as as I'm concerned. with the exception of the final bill, I shouldn't be paying anything more, or am I being asked to reinstate my DD so that Vodafone can just suck the ETF from my account without any notice, and potentially leave me in debt? I don't think so!"
We have been loyal customers for over 5 years my husband’s name is on the account and passed away 5 months ago since that time I have tried to get his line shut off to no avail from them telling me the passcode is incorrect when in fact it wasnt to giving me a fictional number stating that this was the CEOs number. i cant even get a bill as to when the bill is do as they wont switch it over what POS company this is and of course lets not forget their data leak to the dark web
The worst company and customer service!  ! Just for transfer phone number to another customer it took a forever ! Waiting 6 hours on the phone! Never recommend this company! Be careful guys!
"ATT makes promises that they don't keep. I established service six months ago an set up auto pay the same day. There is supposed to be a $5 discount for autopay. As of yet, six months later, there still is no discount! I have contacted ATT and they don't know why it hasn't been applied. There is nothing they can do about it! ATT lies and cheats it's customers."
"Complete disaster.Signed up for full fibre top tear, changing from Virgin.Confirmed installation date, had texts from city fibre to confirm and all confirmed and less than 2 days after placing order random message that installation and account closed as my request.... Which I didn't do...And to tap it off stuck on hold with India call centre trying to resolve.No thanks... Off to Zen I go."
"To be the worst ever you must really try. I have over the years had Us Cellular, Verizon, Att. US Cellular was good. In June I wanted to try TMobile  as my present carrier ATT has gone to very poor service at my home due to a tower issue and Att is not going to repair. I had TMobile service for less than 12 hours. My fist issue showed me that their Customer Care is more like Customer We Don’t Care so I cancelled everything the same day as it was set up. I was told I owed zero as I had made zero calls, zero texts, and zero internet. For the 3rd month in a row a bill for $2.67 comes. 1 hour on phone STILL UNRESOLVED. Run away from this company."
Please do not get anything from AT&T I wanted to get some internet and decided to cancel the order before my appointment I call customer service and they fail me with everything about cancellation and my refund for my 100 deposit every representative I talk with gave me the run around they gave me a 1800 number that was no longer in service they also kept going around the fact i wanted my refund they was so quick to take my deposit but didn’t give it back they kept having me on hold and hanging up I call for like a week in a half trying to take care of this matter same thing from different representative no one didn’t help me or tried to resolve this matter customers service sucks they take your money and hold it and try to force you to get everything with them they even ask me what kind of phone I was on like they wanted to block me from calling back about my money and til this day I didn’t receive my money back from them I had to report it fraud to my bank stay away from AT&T
"A list of issues with AT&T over the last 3 months, on a business account, across phone and 3 different in-person stores for service:- Added a new line when I ordered a replacement for a lost tablet rather than activating on the existing line.- Incorrectly added permissions for an account admin that limited access, requiring 3 separate phone calls to resolve.- Wouldn't cancel the line that was added incorrectly initially, requirig multiple phone calls and a store visit to reverse despite it very obviously being an AT&T mistake.- When adding 6 new tablets, would not add them over the phone. The in-store associate added them to a higher cost data plan and added insurance without permission, resulting in $270/month in extra charges if it hadn't been caught within a couple days.- Completely unable to upgrade devices, change plans, or update devices via the web portal, necessitating long phone calls with unhelpful reps or in-store visits where the reps try to scam you.in all, I've probably wasted 6-8 hours of time on activities that I should have been able to accomplish in 30 minutes via the web portal AND they tried to scam us for additional data/insurance fees."
"Please do not move to T Mobil. They are the worse phone company in the world. It was a big mistake moving with them 2 years ago. I will never make the same mistake again. So please do yourself a favor, and not to stress yourself. Customer service suck and they are good in telling you lies. T Mobil they are the worse carriers."
"Response to request of contact.The team member was very professional and understanding.I apologize for my demeanor.T-Mobile wi fi service is a disgrace !!MORE THAN ONCE MY DEVICES HAVE BEEN DISCONNECTED FROM THE INTERNET.I HAVE SPENT HOURS ATTEMPTING TO RESOLVE THESE ISSUES.USUALLY ON THE VERGE OF CONTACTING A TECHINICIAN OR REPAIR PERSON.I RECENTLY LOOKED AT THE T-MOBILE TRANSMITTER AND DISCOVERED THAT THE DEVICES WERE NOT ACTIVE ON THE TRANSMITTER.APPARENTLY, THE TRANSMITTER DISCONNECTS DEVICES RANDOMLY.FURTHER, WHEN WATCHING A STREAMING SERVICE THE SIGNAL IS WEAK.AFTER REBOOTING THE SIGNAL GOES TO EXCELLENT FOR A FEW MINUTES THEN RETURNS TO FAIR.THE PROGRAM/SPORTS EVENT IS CONSTANTLY INTERUPTED AS THE SIGNAL ALTERNATES.NOT A PLEASANT EXPERIENCE.I WILL START EVALUATING MY INTERNET PROVIDER OPTIONS TODAY. ( 9-12-2024 )FURTHER, MY DECEASED WIFE`S ACCOUNT WAS CLOSED ABRUPYLY RESULTING IN THE LOSS OF THREE PHONE NUMBERS, CONTACT DATA, ETC.T-MOBILE IS NOT A GOOD SERVICE PROVIDER !!!!"
"Tmobile service sucked in west-central Wisconsin, and it is worse in Pensacola, Florida. My text messaging service is horrible. Sending images fails very often. Tmobile lies about its coverage."
"Cut the cord and went with T-Mobile wireless in the home. Turns out they use ip address that do not show actual location.   Subscriptions don't work such as MLB.com Fubo Hulu etc. Sports games and networks.We live in Seattle and the news and channels are all Fresno Ca. When we google something like pizza or whatever near us, It only shows business's in Fresno Ca 850 miles away. T-Mobile customer service told us they would try to fix it and call us back Monday. Never called, I google it and they already have thousands of complaints in many forums."
"I submitted a warranty claim on 11/21/24 for a replacement phone. The phone was shipped and lost during shipping.  I called Asurion again on 11/26/24 to check on the status of the shipment. They told me it was lost and shipped a replacement.  I called back again on 12/3/24 to check on the status of my replacement.  Asurion told me once again that the shipment was lost during shipping.  I finally spoke with a Supervisor who finally got me my replacement device.  However, I learned that I had been charged a $250 deductible on each of the previous replacement shipments.  The Supervisor advised me that I would only be charged the one original deductible and the other two deductibles would be credited to my account.  I get my Nov-Dec bill and it turns out I was still charged the other deductibles.  I call Asurion and they say I have to call AT&T for the refund on the refunds.  I call AT&T and they say I have to call Asurion.  This back-and-forth has been going on since 12/3/24.  I called Asurion and AT&T on 1/8/25 and they said they would issue a refund. It should only take 7 to 10 business days.  I call Asurion on 1/19/25 to check on the status of my refund and they state that AT&T can only issue the refund.  I call AT&T on 1/19//25 and they state I can only get my refund from Asurion.  I tried to speak with a Supervisor for both companies and each one disconnected the calls.  I was billed over $700 on my bill.  AT&T refused to transfer my call to a Supervisor on multiple attempts on 1/19/25.  First attempt I held for 20 minutes and was disconnected.  Second attempt, I was holding for 40 minutes before being disconnected.  On the third attempt, the agent refused to transfer the call to a Supervisor and hung up on me!  Do NOT get a warranty from Asurion and /AT&T."
"T-Mobile blows chunks..,!!Unfortunately this review panel makes you at least give a start even be able to put in a review but as far as I'm concerned T-Mobile is the worst and will always be the worst they ruined my business.......Their salespeople are snakes....they're liars cheats and thieves just like all of them........I wasn't able to access any of my emails phone calls because of their two step verification system on my iPhone and then took me to court to prove all this with their legion of lawyers instead of helping their customers. I'm sure I'm not the first and I definitely won't be the last as far as I can tell this company's motto should be we don't give one rat's ass about any of you. Give us your money cuz that's all we care about."
"Dreadful experience with Vodafone broadband. Don't fall for the price and gurentrees of speeds.I live in a medium sized house and the internet only works in the same room as the router and it's painfully slow.Trying to get in contact with customer service is like banging your head on the brick wall. The 24/7 available 'Tobi' AI chat bot is never online when you're logged in as an existing customer, but very much online when you're not logged in and not a customer.I wish I never left Virgin Media (which is something I thought I'd ever be saying)"
"POS are the three best word I can describe AT fn T. I am beyond angry. I am paying $12/day for international passport but have not been able call send or receive. I can only text. This POS company could not fixed my problem after being on the line with for over 2 hours. POS, POS…….."
"Was served by an Asian man called Zulfi, recently. I went, because I had a problem with my phone, and I found his customer service skills absolutely atrocious. He was rude disrespectful, and completely disregarded what I went in for. I feel extremely disappointed, especially as a long time Vodafone customer and I hope he is pulled up on this behaviour, because I have no doubt that traits like that, are unfortunately, learnt over time. I’ll be leaving Vodafone once my contract ends, and I really hope his behaviour is addressed and dealt with appropriately."
Has gone to crap the last 3 years.  About to drop them after 20 years.
"Worst company ever. I made a new deal with them with agreement,  once I changed from my previous company to them , they changed everything.  Don't trust them."
"After some time trying to upgrade with Vodafone’s female call handler I managed to potentially upgrade two of my phones however I was not told how to check each phones suitability for trade in,I was due a call back at 1800pm yesterday to confirm the deal which never happened and finally when I called back there was no details of my call so I would have to start again….very frustrating day which resulted in me getting a better deal using the app."
Would give them a zero!!   Tried to return because internet didn’t work in my house.  Argued for 1 hour with customer service over 1.83.  Was so tempted to just pay it.  The support representative kept telling me it was a legitimate charge but I canceled in the allotted amount of time.   Finally asked for a manager  and they were able to take the charge off.  This is a very bad way to treat customers!!
"Had 3 online support people straight up lie about correcting an issue.  They just told me what they thought I wanted to hear.  One actually looked legit, had email exchanges, ect.  Had 24 hours to sign a digital document but it was cancelled about 10 hours, never giving me a chance to even see the email and sign.  Then the last one told me to watch my inbox for a confirmation which never came.  They intentionally lied, and I would advise anyone to stay far away from this unethical place which cuts your unlimited Internet to unusable speeds worse than 1997 dial up.  Now I am done with them and want to spread the word about this terrible place.  Yes I have screenshots, emails, confirmation numbers to T-Mobile manipulative games.  They wasted my time, and never had decent intentions of resolution.  They are awful, they lie to customers and it's time to tell the world about T-Mobiles ethics (they have none), because they do not need to be in business any longer due to these practices.  They have had class action lawsuits about this in the past, never learned the lesson."
Utterly utterly utterly hopeless customer service. Avoid this company at all costs !
"I'm spending hours speaking with customer services trying to fix several issiues, like bad service and network (London mostly) and mostly VAT invoicing, no one can tell me where I can find VAT invoicing (some of the advisors don't understand why is it for so I have to give a lecture of what is VAT ) every 3 months I have to call them (every VAT submission)  and try to get some information, today once I asked to speak with the manager who might be able to help me regarding this issue my call was disconected. They send me the bill that don't have VAT number on it and at the bottom of it it states - This is not VAT invoice. I don't think is legal to charge VAT and not issue an invoice for it? Can enyone help me with my issiue?"
I was recently scammed I was told if I switched my phone service over to at&t not only would my bill only be about 18more a month and that I would receive a 200dollar prepaid debit card the representative flat lied Mario hernandez flat lied to my face and to my boyfriends face scam scam scam
Had their land phone service and then I added dsl. I started with 10 mbps and after a few years it went down to 0.57. After 2 weeks the phone just went dead by itself. I was just paying and getting nothing. I called them and they said nothing wrong on their side. I switched to spectrum and have been happy ever since
"got full fibre 900mbps but after every month of having the internet the speed got slower and slower and slower, i know they do this so they can save as much power as possible, so long story short if you get high download internet from vodafone they will make it slower overtime until you start complaining, mine is at 50-70 mbps max hasn’t went higher for atleast 6 months. i need to change internet but i work all week and don’t have time to call them as their customer service is horrendous so hard to even get through to anyone end of the day just don’t join vodafone if you need fast internet (i’m a gamer btw)"
"I signed up for their broadband after just moving to the UK. My service didn't go live on the day they said it would, every time I called customer service they were not really interested in solving the problem but just buying themselves time so you exceed the 14 day free cancellation period and pay a fee. Even after them assuring me I would not pay for anything except the equipment, I got an email saying I now owe 164 pounds....Mind you I have never even used their wifi and any engineer can confirm this when they performed the checks.Every time customer service called me, it was to see my setup, which hadn't changed from the previous calls, the told me they would send ethernet cables on two occasions, both never came.No company has ever wasted my time as much as Vodafone, and to make it worse I had just started a graduate job where I had to study and work from home extensively the first two months, imagine this experience with no wifi. When I asked them to send an engineer to come check in person, they ignored my request. Visited the branch in person who said they could not help with broadband and that I should continue calling customer service. An absolutely horrific experience with them."
Now att makes it so if you buy a phone you can only use it on the line your buying it for.Another way to force you to spend more money.They  use foreign customer serviceIm leaving this company after 24 years of bull
"Recently I switched to Vodafone for my broadband & home phone service from TalkTalk. Both of these use the Openreach network. For some reason, I'm still being billed by TalkTalk for ongoing service. I tried contacting TalkTalk, but trying to get any kind of resolution from them is borderline impossible.As for Vodafone, when you try to contact them, they don't even give you an option beyond a bot which, if it fails to find a solution for you (and it will fail, obviously - it just links to support articles) will pass you over to a human.Anyway, the conclusion I got after having to rephrase myself, because my request was seemingly misunderstood, is that, if I had selected the ""working line takeover"" option when I made the order, the previous ISP would have been notified.I'm not sure that there even was such an option. I didn't ever have to select such an option in the past when I was switching between Openreach providers - it's just assumed that the line is being taken over because, outside of some kind of fringe situation I can't imagine, why wouldn't it be taken over?I feel like I'm going crazy here because TalkTalk has their hand in my pocket, I can't get an answer from Vodafone on whether TT was notified which suggests that they don't even keep a record of it, and I don't want TT to take three months of billing from me for something they are literally not providing me but I seemingly can't get Vodafone to take responsibility for this so what can I do at this point?"
"They had me finance 2 phones without telling me what i was agreeing to.Told the att door to door salesmen I couldn't afford anything new sence I was prego and recently lost my job. He said i could save money. Was told if recieve a 200$ gift card for signing up but I could use it to get 2 new phones along side the internet, without paying extra and it was a promotion. By the time the first bill came i found out they had me finance 2 $750 phones. Was past 14 days and too late to return it. No mention was made that I was financing and I asked multiple times of there was a contract now stuck paying $186 a month for 2 phones for the next 3 years. (Not to mention the separate internet bill)The guy kept talking so friendly an had me distracted as I signed everything on his tablet and never once said I was financing the phones. Let me believe the gift card covered them.cost before att $40 for 2 phone lines and 70 for net now im paying 186+85Att guy heard my old ammount and still made me think i was getting a better deal. He only spoke of one bill not that it was 2 separate bills.Apparently there was an email sent to my fiancé that showed copy's of what I signed but I didn't know till it was too late. They should have been upfront telling me and I never would have agreed.I do NOT need a $700+ phone with my 6 year old playing around with it. I thought it was 2 $100 phones."
"Called customer support for an extension on scheduled payment for a week cause my Medicare advantage flex card arrives by Dec 1st & I have no other funds. They said no. So I won’t be able to stay in contact in case of a crisis with my dr, pharmacy, medical transport or dialysis clinic. I will in 2 months be leaving ATT after my iPhone is paid off to bundle services with xfinity. At least they have empathy."
"Do not ever use this company. Been with them 15 years plus. I have 2 device  plans with them. If u are late paying for it by 2 or 3 days they threaten court action. And then text messages, emails every single day. No wonder people  feel suicidal by the constant threats. Absolute  scumbags guys. Stay well clear"
"AT&T is the worst company in the world. I joined the plan at Costco department store and imported my four lines from T-Mobile when the AT&T sales at Costco said that the deal is good for Costco executive members. Since I joined the plan the phons are not working. I am unable to text, call out or receive the call.when I call Costco VIP, it goes to South Africa, when I call in the USA, put me on hold over 2 hrs and the tech support is unable to solve the issues at all. I am very disappointed at AT &T service."
"hello, I'm just grateful for the services of Mrs. Hayley, she is extraordinary, I warmly recommend her, thank you❤️❤️❤️❤️"
"When it comes to cell phone plans. They will con you into getting deals and never hold up their end of the deal. So that lovely savings you thought you will get, non-existent!!! Also after our contract was up, We bounced to another carrier. Not only they shafted us with prorating us, they charged an additional month after we canceled our plans. So we paid for another month with non-existent service. The representative didn't even attempt to make it right. Denied us from speaking to a manager. Denied our refund. This is Straight Up Theft And Fraud!!!!"
"Worst phone network in the UK!! They’ve charged me after I’ve left them a month ago, even though I’ve cancelled and closed my account and moved to a far better network. They have no clear communication and they have very poor customer service that takes ages to get through. Absolute disgrace of a company!! And will never be recommending their service again. The coverage is awful and hardly get any signal for date in the East Midlands."
"If you have issues with Vodafone, report them to Ofcom (their regulator) by searching “Complain about mobile, phone or internet services” on Google. Select your issue (billing, faults or service problems, etc) and click the link: ‘let us know by filling out our short monitoring form’. Nothing changes unless we notify Ofcom of their failings.UPDATE: Yesterday, Vodafone said the line was finally active (18 days after it was transferred to their network, one day after their supposed final, final, FINAL deadline). Plot twist: it still is NOT working. They are trying to bill us £13.87 for the same non-functional line. Of that £13.87, future me apparently incurred additional charges of £3.87 on 21 November (it’s 10 November). We still did not receive the call promised on 8 November 2024 from the manager of our case handler (Emma). The agent we spoke to yesterday (Ahmed) promised a callback and then flashed us so the system would register that he tried to call even though he had no intention of actually speaking to us. Ahmed sent a text message to ‘SIM swap’, but when we followed the instructions, the website and app said there was an error. They have still denied the PAC code and the deadlock letter.Background: On Monday 21 October, Vodafone said that after 24 to 48 hours, the telephone number (used for over ten years) would be transferred to their network at a much better rate. On Wednesday 23 October 2024, the telephone line transferred into the Vodafone network and stopped working. To this day (10 November 2024), there still isn’t any network at all. My partner and I have spent at least 20 hours on the phone with them. Each time, we are told by various agents (Sarah, Mo, Emma, and so many others) to wait 24-48 hours. Now we have to add a 24-hour wait to speak to a manager when it was previously instant. We requested the PAC code to switch networks on 1 November 2024. To date, we do not have the PAC code for the line (even though Ofcom say it should be provided within a maximum of two hours after the end of the call). We asked for a letter of deadlock to report them to Cisas. They refused to provide one.Reply to pending Vodafone response: It’s been 19 days, and the so-called technical issue has neither been resolved nor explained (complaint 122386655). To top that off, Vodafone wants to charge me over £13 for a line that never worked. It's funny how there’s always a higher department whenever we call to complain. I, of course, responded to their email, yet we still do NOT have a functional telephone line.Please take note, everyone – this is how they pass you around like a hot potato, hoping you’ll just give up."
"""After being a devoted T-Mobile customer for over a decade, the recent plunge in their customer service quality has been downright appalling. Each interaction with their support team has been a nightmare—issues are ignored, and the so-called 'assistance' is useless. It's like the company has forgotten that customers are the backbone of their business. Their promises of efficient support are nothing but empty words. I'm beyond disappointed and utterly frustrated. T-Mobile, you need to remember what customer service actually means. Shame on you.""Hope this does the trick!"
"I was told the only way to remove my deceased husband's email and change the password he set up was to go into an AT&T store. What a joke, but I'm not laughing. The gentleman who helped me was very nice, but he didn't correct what I asked him to. AT&T plans to bill me by my deceased husband's email and account he set up. It will not work but you can bet I will receive a late charge again because the customer service can't or won't listen to their customers. Go out of business AT&T. You don't get it."
"AT&T line has been out at our condo building for 11 days. Our entry system and fire alarm work with this line. During the last 2 days I have been on the phone for 6 hours trying to get some help. It seems like I have spoken to half the folks in India. Twice during the process, I was promised a time when a tech would visit. Both times no one showed up. We are at risk here with the fire alarm inoperable but no one at AT&T cares, even under threat of legal acton."
"Terrible ServiceIt took 2 months to connect and switch on the service, we did receive compensation but that came from BT not vodaphone.Since then I get 40mb at the TV and approx 130mb at our laptops if the 500mb were paying for and apparently it's NOT vodaphone that the problem it's all our equipment HaThey don't listen and haven't made any attempt to rectify the issue.After being fobbed off I looked at Sky and gave now received an email telling me I owe the £380 if I leave early. What a joke.Thanks further quick response but my review is based on my experience AFTER I've spoken with the technical team."
"Broadband speed 5mb/sI am paying for 50Vodafone is denied the problemSpeed test performed via Vodafone appSupport centre people are not trainedDon't even know that there is a speed test on the appService , performance, price less than acceptableJust another rip offand a standard reply from vodafone;probably did not even read the review ( speedtests performed,  talked to support, all mentioned , why bother with this company !!!"
"We have been with vodafone for at least a decade for broadband (and my partner for mobile) and always found the broadband service to be solid, but the customer service poor if we needed any help. My partner and I are recently moved house and this has, unsurprisingly, proved to be a bad experience including very poor listening and planning skills, possibly lies, mistakes, poor communication, indifference and a lethargic attitude to fixing customer connectivity problems.  Voda operatives seem to be trained to be obsequiously polite, but *not* to set realistic timescales/expectations, to own issues or pursue quick problem resolution for the customer.I’m keeping the details brief due to the TP letter count limits.Move date minus 6 weeks. Spoke to someone at Voda to confirm when we needed to give notice of move so we didn’t miss any important deadlines.Move date minus 2 weeks. Called to set up move.  Agreed to terminate our exiting line and start new line on the date of the move (25 October).15 Oct. Got notification that the broadband install would be 29 Oct, not 25th as promised.  Rang to complain.  Told that this was the earliest Openreach could attend and there was nothing they could do about it.21 Oct.  Voda cut the broadband at our old house early for no obvious reason.  They said it would take 2 weeks to reinstate so nothing they could do about it.  When we complained, the operator we spoke to just said the people we originally spoke to just don’t listen and/or lie.  They have complained to Head Office about this, but nothing ever happens.22 Oct. Despite being out of contract, we got a “welcome to your new contract message” and had to ring up and get this cancelled.  We did not sign up to be trapped in another 2-year contract at the inflated rate we are paying.29 Oct. Service move day.  No news from Voda or Openreach.  Internet not working.30 Oct. Internet not working.  Called Voda for an update.  Openreach encountered an issue and so couldn’t enable the line.  Promised that the next update would be 1 Nov.1 Nov. Internet still not working.  Again, I had to ring Voda to find out what was going on.  On 30 Oct, Openreach put a note on the job saying this was more complicated than thought and next update would be 6 Nov.  No-one at Voda had looked at this until I called.  There is no ownership by someone to get this service up and running.  After some vocal insistence from me and some condescending responses from the person at Voda, they agreed to escalate this and personally take ownership of the issue.  Why had no-one done this from the start?4 Nov. Called by Voda (what a treat!) and Openreach had cleared the fault.  Was told to wait 48 to 72 hours for back-end provisioning.  I said this was totally unacceptable.  Call handler then raised a ticket for it to be provisioned same day.  So why initially say I should wait 2-3 days is beyond me.5 Nov. Called by Voda.  Internet still not working.  They suggested it was because I was using the wrong password.  The router was factory reset, all defaults in place.  It could not have the wrong password.  The log also shows errors.  They escalated this again.  Told to wait 24 hours.6 Nov. Called by Voda.  Internet still not working.  Told me they have found a fault (maybe they finally checked the logs like I did?!)  A new ticket has been raised for another team.  Told to wait up to 48 hours for this to be fixed.  I said this was unacceptable.  They said they would escalate this, but there was nothing they could do.  The team did call me this afternoon, but there was a security issue (I am second named on the contract and this seems to cause some confusion).  After resolving that with my partner and them finally calling me back they fixed it remotely, which makes you wonder why they couldn't have just done that once Openreach had finished and we had to wait another 2 days for them to believe it wasn't working.  But we got there in the end.Total no. of days without internet at new house: 12.  Total no of days without internet in total: 17.  No. of days Voda might pay automatic compensation so far: 9.  And they probably wonder why I’m frustrated by their p*** poor service."
"I was lied to be a ATT&T employee at a store when told about a promotion. He said we would not have any additional lines added to the bill, and it would only be a few dollars more a month for new devices (apple watch/ipad that I didn't even want, I went in to upgrade my phones). When I saw my bill and called the store even confirmed he no longer worked there because he did this to other people. Anyway, they debited $500 from my account in additional fees, and my plan went up over $100 a month for lines I don't use. Now I've spent hours on the phone trying to get a refund and cancel the phone lines and they are sending me in circles without correcting anything. I filed a fraud complaint that was denied because the representative helping didn't understand the situation either. Huge waste of money and time. Not mentioning details is one thing, but to lie to my face with no accountability is insane. Very bad business & customer service."
Staff on duty in Macclesfield on Saturday were rude and unhelpful - I went in to pick up a device that I had ordered in person in the shop two days earlier and because i did not take in id in the form of a credit charge i was not allowed to take the item - my daughter went in later to collect it and when she asked about the sim card and some technical advice was told to contact customer service
The WORST customer service. The obviously out source all there work to low paying countries who barely speak English. Told me they would call me back in a week to help me move my internet to my new home and never heard back from them.
"Left with out Internet for 2 week on a new install swapping frim Sky to Vodafone multiple failures from Vodafone to send equipment, allocation of line in box/exchange, and instruct open reach correctly. 2 days holiday wasted. 4+hours on calls, Call staff badly trained to resolve, understand issues or given powers to resolve No managers available and don't call back when requested."
"Trying to interact with customer service is incredibly challenging. I've been trying to leave since April, but have been getting charged monthly since then. Interactions with the chat bot are excruciating, and once I'm through to a human they just pass me around between teams, no one seems to know what's going on or remembers anything. All I've been trying to do for months is get a refund. Incredibly poor experience."
"Appalling service. Ordered broadband for our new property to ensure we could still WFH. Never arrived they had cancelled our order, but didn't know why! After 1.5hrs reordered increased price for same package and gave a further 3wk lead time. Following day, cancelled again, 2hrs on phone advised the previous owner had been with Vodafone and they couldn't accept our order until her line was disconnected and then we could order and go back on 3wk waiting list!!!!!"
Is att going to the garbage? Why didn't anyone tell me..I should've caught on because the extremely high rates for the extremely lack of common customer service. Terrible service
Despite many many tries by Vodafone I'm still not getting the speed I'm paying for. One day I'm getting over 100 but mostly it's 50. The latest communication they said they tested it from their end and I'm getting the speed paid for over 100. I've tried all types of tests including Vodaphones own test and it disagrees with them. Something is not right and despite many tries by Vodafone they do not seem to know what the problem is.
"Worst company I have ever done business with. I switched from T-Mobile to Verizon, they immediately locked me out of my account. It took me three months to get this problem remedied and $288 later. I would advise anyone to stay away from this phone company?!!!"
"Rotten to the core,  this company just keeps on lying and feeding you misinformation, starting with the salesman in the great yarmouth shop, assuring me I could cancel anytime before next payment due several times,it turns out a lie there's a 30day cancellation period, next lie chap on phone when canceling contract.told me I'd be charged £18 but they'd probably take the £37 monthly charge a refund the difference .they took the £37 not seen the refund. Also he didn't cancel the  contract  next lie a woman on the phone a month later assured me the contract was cancelled, another lie. The next lie was from  the social media team who told me it's sorted and the are waiting for the final bill on the 23rd November and would reach out to me on the 24th to check all is correct, as its now the 29th November I can only assume that's another lie . This has been going on for  4 months now, they have even had debt collectors chasing me for non existing debts, they  admit I don't owe anything but their attitude is opps sorry. Don't have any dealings with company, don't believe any of the good reviews posted by the staff. They are all lies."
"After over 13 Years, NO ONE deserves this treatment. I asked for a more economical rate (July) they didn't provide a solution that could beat Xfinity mobile so I left. T-Mobile closed my access to my account immediately online. They began sending me bills and charged me from July, August, & September. I called to dispute charges stating that I wasn't a customer and wouldn't pay. The rep claimed they would cover to cost but I had to pay up until July-August; and all other charges would be dropped by T-mobile. I asked for written confirmation and didn't receive it. Fast forward to today, I have a new bill claiming $7.00 late fee for the remaining balance of over $120 which isn't included in the bill. Later, I receive a debt communication letter from a debt collector for the $120+ amount for a bill on November 9th. Now, how am I billed on November 9th and then sent to a debt collector within 2 weeks, I have no idea. I used to love them for the rates....but this has been a complete nightmare.....I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE."
Have been with this company for a while and always paid my bill. When one of my family members who is on my account died they wouldn't even extend my due date. So that I could pay and attend the funeral. Just so they could charge me and additional 80.00 in late fees. This company is all about thier money not their customers. They simply do not care.
This company has been nothing but difficult to communicate with and would highly not recommend. Made a great product impossible to deal with.
"Service is in and out. Signed up for $50 with autopay, they then turn off paperless billing so they can charge you $100 a month"
The most terrible 😢 company ever. Call centers only over in India they don’t even speak English. This should be a crime.
The WORST!!!!!  They lie telling you they will fix any discrepancies on your bill just to turn around and fix it.  They sneak in charges every month and they bolt face steal from their customers!!!  GO ANYWHERE ELSE
"Since last year they have been charging me for service and equipment I don’t have. I’ve spoke with so many people it’s rediculous.  My bill is supposed to be $60 they changed it to $80, charged me for 3 boxes, because they kept messing up. I called the claim they fixed it. Next thing I know the charged &400 and cancelled my service. And saying I have tv internet and phone when I only have internet"
"AT&T is the absolute WORST!!! My father in law passed away right after Christmas time in 2023. Unfortunately, right before his passing his cellphone was stolen. We have since been going through probate which has been smooth except for AT&T. Do not ever buy anything from them. First off, they require you to have a PIN. If you do not have this PIN, you cannot gain access to any information. When we first tried to contact AT&T regarding my father in law's passing, we were asked for a PIN. Well, I know this is hard to understand but my father in law is dead and cannot give us his PIN. We guessed every amount of relevant numbers we could thing of and none of them worked. Mind you, we had his social security number, his date of birth, his cremated remains, his mother's death certificate; anything and everything you'd need to resolve these accounts. Instead we were told over and over again that they would send a link to reset his PIN to his stolen phone. It was like a Saturday Night Live sketch where we tried to explain that we didn't have the phone. After almost a year of dealing with them, they have now told us that we need to go into the corporate office to get a letter so that we can give it to our lawyer saying there is no financial responsibility but was told by the staff at the corporate office that without the PIN there is no way to see if there is financial responsibility. So even if we had a check for all the money needed to pay down the account, without the PIN number we would not be able to pay on the account. On another note, one of the employees that works for the corporate office told us that he had the EXACT SAME issue and it took 2 YEARS to resolve!! How is this still an issue with this company?? NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM AT&T!!"
so bad and so slow internet
"I've been with the company for 5 plus years and the decided to cut my phone off $4 and refuse to cut it back on, until I pay my next month bill. I'm done with them and will be taking my business elsewhere....."
1canelle my service after being with t mobile for over 10 years and the continued to charge meIt event cost me and addition 375 dollars as the threatened my credit
"I have Vodafone SIM card and it’s supposed to work in Turkey and it didn’t. If you’re on the train between the cities or on the road, it easily lose the network"
"Poor connection - wifi drops daily for years. Customer service is really poor. Their solution to wifi drops, instead of trying to fix it, is to convince you to pay more for upgrading your contract and locking yourself into a longer term with them where they won’t help if you ever experience issues.I’ve had a contract with them for years, and they increase the price year on year but will never discount the price or offer a new contract at a better rate (despite connection issues). Currently I’m paying far more than new customers, so I will be switching and I would not recommend the service to anyone else."
Worst service I’ve ever had to experience in my 56 years on this planet. It took almost ten minutes to load into this website and write a review in my own home. I constantly have issues loading things and doing things on my phone whether im in my own home or the middle of no where the service is relatively the same. Thanks AT&T for ruining 2 years of my life👍.
"I have called on the 15/11/2024 (Friday), which my line was disconnected and mentioned by the non-business members, as the business customer service department is closed, and we cannot help, and I should call on Monday.As you could imagine the importance of Business Line, and broadband to a hospitality business, this interrupted my business for busiest days of Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.( Monday )After a discussion on the phone, they were not able to guarantee the Line Number, if disconnected it would take 14 days to put my existing service back online, considering, my till machine, card machine, Ordering Systems.My line has been disconnecting for unknown reasons which they cannot clarify and said it is a ‘system error’ my line should be protected, and I should not be made vulnerable of this matter.This is the second time I am experiencing terrible customer service, first with Installing / Openreach and now disconnection.I will not recommend at all to my worst enemy."
I am not a customer of Vodafone UK but they insist on sending me marketing texts via my landline despite the fact that I have asked them SO MANY TIMES not to do this
"I have moved house and even though I was sold 'alexa built in' deal, they're now telling me they don't support Alexa so I have been missold this deal. Also, several times I have called up to help with setting up the vodafone braodband app and every tiem they say someone will call me back but no one has for weeks, even when I call them back. Very unhappy with their service and Will be lookign to cancel my deal ASAP."
"Switched to Vodafone broadband from Sky as the latter had increased their prices two years running and Vodafone had a good deal on (both use the Openreach network so in theory there should be no difference in service). I was so wrong. We live in a small 2 bed cottage and can’t get signal just metres away from the router, it’s a constant source of frustration and we’re resorting to using our mobile data instead, we can’t stream music to our speakers either without regular cut outs. With Sky the whole house had wifi signal. When I called to complain they simply said they don’t guarantee coverage and I should buy a wifi booster. Why on earth should we have to fork out money to compensate for their useless cheap router? How about providing a router that meets basic  standards? Most houses are bigger than ours. Furthermore, other networks such as Virgin Media provide this for free if their hub coverage is inadequate. We’re now trapped for another 18 months… Never again and nor will I be recommending them to anyone.Also beware… their free gift card that entices new customers has a couple of terms to catch you out, you can’t claim for 3 months (by which point you will have forgotten about it) and then only have 3 months to claim it. Needless to say I only remembered to claim a couple of days after it had expired and unsurprisingly they said tough luck… There is no reason why the gift card can’t be valid for the duration of the contract except to catch customers out. So glad I have never been a mobile customer and now never will be.Update in response to their reply on here: Like I said Vodafone are useless and their reply is consistent with that. The issue is not a fault but their sub standard cheap router equipment they provide as standard which can’t even provide WiFi coverage for a small property. I’ve been with many providers over the years, and never had this issue with anyone else."
"Should have had Open reach engineer on 12/12 to install Vodafone Router. Didn't turn up and there was no prior notice or contact made. I contacted them next day but earliest new date 27/12. OR engineer came on 27/12, set up Router (or so he said) but said Vodafone had to activate the line so waited up until past midnight. No joy - no internet and no lights on Router except flashing red led on the front. Contacted Vodafone and followed instructions to try and remedy. Still no joy. He said he'd report it to The Back Office (?) as it seemed that Router was duff. He called phone on 30/12 to say there was further investigation to be done but if  new Router needed, it would take another 3 to 5 working days! I wish I'd never heard of Vodafone. No internet, no WiFi, no central heating, no TV entertainment, no contact via video to family for Christmas or New Year and we are 75 and 81 years old. I guarantee they wouldn't put their own grandparents through this and would make a supreme effort to put it right as soon as possible. Customer care? I don't feel it. 😔"
Okay good luck with T-Mobile but the only problem is they took the payment out automatically on the wrong date said they were going to send a gift card to me and never have done that it took four times to try to correct an address because they never did corrected in the computer now they refuse the gift card I've got no credit back on my bill and I haven't got a gift card from them or a refund for their mistake I don't know what else to do I guess legal action is the only way that I can get it back plus a lot more money for pain and suffering and distress I would rather not go that direction but they seem like they could care less
I would not recommend them to anyone worst company and obviously liars who are selling defective Iphone 15 to customers and refuse to send a replacement when the problem with the phones are not caused by the customers. My phone is not even a year and I have called them 6 times regarding the situation and they refused to replace because I do not have insurance. Why should I when the problem us with the product you sold. I cannot wait to get another company to buy out my remaining contract from them. They have gone down hill money and greed is what's driving them now. They no longer value their customers. Do not switch to them.
10 years as a costumer with them they decided to sell Att Puerto Rico and they wanted me to change  the number or I was going to loose it. They was going to give me a credit of 65 dollars when I was certain comfortable with my number for the las 20 years. They took a unit on trade in for a 23 ultra and since they was gonna give up or sell my number to the new carrier also took my trade in value which it was supposed to applied to the ultra they never applied and now they want me to pay $945 in order to unlocked the phone. They are really something special. I will not recommend them ever.
"I have been a customer for 16 years and am appalled at the lack of response and service I have experienced with T-mobile. I was due to receive a return call on Thursday 8/29 regarding an escalation or investigation on my account. When T Mobile merged with sprint I continued to be charged for a device leased with sprint on 7/21. That lease agreement was for an 18 month period. My account continued to be charged 45 dollars unbeknownst to me for a device that was paid off. In dealing with another issue I saw the charge on my account and spoke to customer care. The total amount of charges post the end of my lease is estimated in the amount of 900$. I was informed T mobile could issue me a three month credit only. I requested that the three month credit be issued immediately. In addition to my request for a full refund credit to be escalated to corporate and investigated. I was reassured I would receive a call back on Thursday from Monique regarding details of that investigation. I never agreed nor signed any agreement whatsoever nor did I receive any notification that I would be billed for a leased device post the 18 month period. No one has returned my call nor was I issued an immediate 3 month credit as promised. I am again asking this matter be escalated. T-mobile makes billions of dollars in revenue from its customers. If this issue is not resolved promptly I will be seeking consultation from an attorney to look into whether or not T mobile is stealing money from its customers and refusing to return calls or refund monies that are owed to its customers. I am asking that my complaint is further escalated and forwarded to the appropriate administration. Not a customer care representative with limited experience, capability, or scope to handle this concern. Please review the last call that was recorded and noted on my account. I am requesting a return call from someone in administration as soon as possible. I am also requesting my account is credited immediately as promised. Thank you."
"As a result of many problems dealing with T-Mobile customer service, I successfully got away from T-Mobile a couple of months ago; their billing practices are so miserable, my final invoice showed they owed me $89 and change. Since it's been a couple of months since I got that statement, I called this morning to ask where my money is. I had to spend 17 minutes on the phone to find out the representative had no idea how to issue my refund.So it's your job to wait when when T-Mobile's customer service doesn't know how to do their jobs. They have to go ask someone, you get to wait and the results you get back may or may not reflect the truth. Yet another reason I'm convinced I did the right thing in leaving T-Mobile."
"I am with an AT&T customer service for about more than an hour and the lady her name is Heidi, her expertise level is zero. She doesn't know about anything. She is doing nothing but putting me on hold."
"I had service with t-mobile. Decided to go to another company. Notified them in plenty to make the switch before next billing, After speaking to reps and supervisor they concluded I owed small amount okay paid it notice in memo pd in full via Supervisor. Today I get a bill they want $10.01 more. To my understanding.They cashed the check with message pd in full.So why are they asking for more, very shoddy underhanded tactic.I would not recommend  them in any way because of this issue."
"Absolute worst company I have ever dealt with. Misinformation galore. Billing statements are not timely sent, notifications not sent to correct phone numbers, service suspended for no reason, frequent outages. Everyone I spoke to at the company said ""the computer is not giving me the option"". Absolute waste of time. Please do not subscribe to their services."
Wifi goes out every 15 minutes. They’ve claimed to be “fixing” it multiple times and I’ve seen little to 0 progress. Do better.
"Terrible costumer service!! Carlos is probably the worst t-Mobil representative to talk to. Very unprofessional, he was rude and he tried to make me feel stupid. Obviously he took it personal when I told him I had change all my lines to another company (I thought he was aware of) He, changed his mood immediately.                                 I, was calling because I supposed to have a refund. I switched to a dif company on November 8th and the cicle close the 18th. The payment it was automatic. The rep that help me to close my account (Juan, very nice guy) told me I will have a refund, but Carlos said I did not explain to them that I was closing the account, (it was obvious when they gave me the code to unlock the phones and switch companies) and  I will not receive a refund. FC"
"Was with Vodafone for over 10 years. 8 years ago they messed up 2 direct debits which went down as missed payments on my credit file, I didn't complain, just one of those things. Upgraded many times, sometimes with phones, sometimes SIM only. Never needed to call them, never thought to complain when I had grounds to, never missed a payment by my own doing. My new quote for SIM only (because they didn't have the phones I wanted) was £4 more a month than my old SIM and for fewer Gb data each month. Found a black Friday deal for the phone I wanted with ID Mobile. But because my current contract didn't end until 9/12/24, a little over a week from today, I was getting an early termination charge. I brought all this up and mentioned how unfair I thought it was, but that went unheard.Update. Yesterday's reply was a waste of time. I followed their link only to be told the couldn't do anything. An absolute waste of time and energy. They couldn't look in to anything as they explained they would. A very frustrating interaction with them."
"Absolutely the worst experience. I signed up for a phone and change of provider at an independent retailer, planned to turn mine in. Said I didnt want a contract, but then agreed to an 18 month plan.  Then when they sent me the wrong phone I went in to a store.  They gave me the wrong contract and I said no thanks, switch me to a prepaid. They didnt do that, sent me a bill 3 times what I was used to.Impossible to reach. forget a quick call to fix any issues."
"Chichester Vodafone branch woes.I’ve just ungraded my IPhone Pro 13 to the latest Pro 16.I did this online and it was straight forward and easy, I opted to use the old iPhone as a trade in to reduce the monthly costs.I selected Chichester Vodafone branch for the drop off.After a long wait with no customer in front of me Sam handled my drop off.Phone dropped off with digital receipt,  a week later Vodafone still saying that they haven’t received it.I’ve had trouble with the Chichester branch of Vodafone before and feel quite foolish using them again.It’s a shame as Vodafone online and over the phone agents are excellent.Their Chichester high street store is rubbish!!!"
This is a failure as company! T Mobile should be ashame to call there self a company.  They charge you for everything but you can't use any of it down to your insurance. The customerservice is a joke. They love to say they will call you back personally when they want you off the phone. Total failure to it's customer's
"Whatever experience you have with Tmobile it will only get worse when you try to cancel service!Even if you own your own phone, they will keep charging your bankcard… then when you call to get them to stop they turn on the nasty full blast. Forgot or never knew your pin code? Well now you have to go into a store and they will photograph your drivers license just to get a pin code so you can talk to people in the Philippines who hate your guts!! Why do they hate you? Because they have to work for peanuts talking to you. Doesn’t matter that they caused your problem or they make mistakes that cost you hours of time and thousands of dollars… no they have the power to put you on hold, the power to disconnect the call so you can burn more time. They have the power to steal your money and if you complain they will steal even more. Once a decent company they now operate like Time Share con artists. They must have promoted the worst from Sprint after they bought that heap.After hours of being abused and being forced to go to a Tmobile store to prove who I am just so I can talk to an fill in the blank, to beg them to stop stealing my money as I had no account with them for 4 months… I get one who promises to immediately refund me for the unauthorized theft. Note that they never sent me a bill for these months of charges. I used no service and had no device of theirs! So she promises to refund me. Instead she makes the mistake of double charging me for all months of service that were supposed to be credited!! How fill in the blank can a person get? So I make the mistake of calling yet again (5 hrs now!!) and finally get someone who claims to be a supervisor. Wants to blame the whole thing on me! Tell me how to talk and not so loudly!!! Yes she too promised to remove the charges and the double charges and also errs and triple charges me!! Totally insane. The company has turned into a scam. Full on scam! God help the folks who are employed to rip us off and have no other way to make a living. You might also ask why after 15 years would I ditch Tmobile and go to Visible? Tmobile started charging me an extra $10 per month, because they billed my credit card not my bank directly. No way was I going to give these fill in the blank my bank account no!!! I had always used a credit card and was charged in advance each month. Nowhere in my agreement did it say they could charge $10 for using a credit card. They claim that banks started charging them higher fees!!! Liars!! Banks are not charging them more than 1.75% For my bill that would have been about $1.20 and banks were charging that all along. Some greedy fill in the blank at Tmobile thought it would be a good idea to steal another $9 from senior citizens. I began raising disputes on the $10 charge and calling out the breach of contract. They kept up the charges so I found a better deal at Visible. Now Tmobile is worse than Sprint was. Its become the telecom sewer. Tmobile cons and steals then hire impoverished uneducated people with attitudes in a 3rd world country to terrorize you. This is the criminal state of Telecom today. Yes I filed complaints with the FCC, my attorney general, and bank. I will sue if necessary!!!"
T Mobile has poor customer service for everything you have to call them 100 times
"On September 1, I applied to connect internet to my home. Until today, it still hasn't been connected. Finally, the vodafone employee I talked to on the phone said that we can cancel the process if you want, we cannot provide you with a solution at the moment, we cannot provide you with an appointment to connect the internet. In this case, I asked for the process to be canceled. They said that you will receive an e-mail within 24 or 48 hours that we canceled the process, but although 4 days have passed, I still have not received an e-mail about the cancellation. I work from home and the internet is very important to me, the situation I am going through because of Vodafone is a really bad experience for me. This 41-day process is really annoying and the lack of a solution is even worse."
Bought a new phone as trade in 17 months ago and discovered that at&t auto pay and the line from old phone was still continuing so was charged since then. They never bothered to discontinue the line when switched to new phone and just let it happen. Place is deceitful and wouldn't even bother to refund hundreds of dollars lost from this and will never use At&t ever again. Would recommend same to not use for others who use them.
"Is there an option for no stars? I call to ask a question about a baseball broadcast, why the team I follow isn’t in the same channel. Pretty simple.I go to the site that says 24/7 service to go through the prompts to be told it’s after office hours.I find that misleading and am amazed a company of this size doesn’t have 24/7 service."
Internet down again in area .. 2nd time in a week .. theyvsay problem in my area yet neighbours are fine.. avoid vodafone as it was the worst decision ever to go to .. most unstable network ever and I work in IT !
New update from Vodafone Uk ! Already two weeks no replacement phone provided! Already took from my account £50 pounds deposit £31 pounds phone monthly costs but I have no phone provided! This Company Joke! Be aware people! No contacts from Vodafone!
"Absolutely a terrible company.  Bad service.  Bad connection.  Bad security. Everything Bad. Verizon is expensive.  But atleast they care for quality,  protection against data breaches. T-mobile Absolutely doesn't care about you as the consumer."
AT&T you suck. You raise internet bill and your service sucks and is worthless. You should pay me to put up with your company. Pls go to hell. I hope your co goes out of business
"I’ve been using AT&T service for me and my wife for about a year and a half, bought there to phones. When I decided to switch to other connection provider, I wasn’t able to cancel the service, cause company has a tricky payment system - you’re paying not before starting to use their service. So my bill was published while I already using my unrestricted plans. So I’ve paid for a next month. Then sever times texted in chat and even called to a company call center to make sure about a date till what I need to cancel service. So by the end I was assured that all is done and I still have about a week of already paid period… 3 months later I got an email with additional fees ~ 145$ for some late payment and something like that! I got an autopay, few representatives assured me that there won’t be any additional fees, and now they Threaten me with a collector’s company!!! Poor service, won’t recommend it anyone and more than that I will ask to find other company, cause the level of client service below zero!!! Scammers, shame on you!!!"
"This review is not for any specific individual offering new contracts. Vodafone loves new contracts, however transparency and maintaining loyal customers is a different matter. I travelled to France and Spain for 10 days 8 of those were Roaming charges in excess of £300 pounds! Never offered a bundle but only a message that I had used ‘too many Gigs’ what on earth is a gig I asked and could not receive an answer.I wasn’t taught in school what data usage amounts to a Gigs nor did I receive any messages from Vodafone each time I had used a Gig. The only time I was told that was when I received a message from them that my next bill would be £330! My monthly agreement was £39 per month so a bill over £300 was a shock. Customer service while abroad couldn’t be reached because they had also cut off my wifi, so no way of contacting anyone including Vodafone, who sent me messages but couldn’t respond. Vodafone completely ruined my vacation. After 15 years with the firm the best thing I’ve done is leave them for another provider. A reminder that when you’re told ‘unlimited’ on your agreement from Vodafone, it really means limited and any additional charges most likely be more than an annual contract. Another example of corporate greed."
Beware of this company. They are not secure in anyway on their MyATT app. Mine got hacked and a double payment was made. One being authorized and another not. They will make you pay for their mistake. They will not correct it either. Their customer service is pathetic. They don’t care about their customers they didn’t through Covid either. I received a letter in the mail about my information being compromised and that they believed no personal information was stolen but explain to me how an unauthorized payment was made. Done go to T-Mobile for service they are by far AMAZING
"Worst customer service ever. I work at a small business and we just switched our internet service over onto these ducking people. Tried to call 4 different customer service lines which all made me wait a total of 3 hours to get in contact with someone about our services being out. Our security question and security access code was never setup and to get any access to our account you need one of these things. The customer service rep was super hard to understand and when he needed to call AT&T using the same number they picked up immediately super unfair and disorganized. Don’t use this service at all, they don’t help and it all seems like a scam. Still dealing with BS currently."
"Engineer didn't turn up to install kit. Started getting bills, obviously didn't pay. Despite many attempts to contact them to sort it out I was still being billed. 3 different debt collection agencies, 3.5 years, a black mark on my credit file, and I finally got somewhere. Grudgingly (and as if they were bestowing a favour) the account was cleared. I'm told the credit score will also be corrected. But refused to consider some kind of compensation in view of the stress, hassle and trouble I've been caused. DON'T TOUCH THEM WITH A BARGE POLE!Their reply is nonsense. They are extremely unwilling to help in any way despite their message to the contrary. I doubt if whoever wrote it knows anything at all about the situation."
They customer service is ILLEGAL. I called them three times today and the results are:* Hanging up on me* Giving me wrong advice* Telling me my parcel is dispatched with DPD while DPD knows nothing about it.Thank you Vodafone fot being so RELIABLE!
"I upgraded to full fibre 500 on 18 Nov from full fibre 2, I believe it was called.  Well, at least I thought I did...got the new contract, and the new billing but saw none of the promised speeds.  In fact, the download and upload speeds have not changed one bit.  I've been on to vodafone every week since, and have been given all kinds of nonsense excuses. Nobody there seems to want to tell the truth.  I was told service was down in my postcode one time, but my service was not down at all.  I was told the 500 needed 24 - 48 hours to settle in!  A week later (now 4 weeks later), no change.  I was most recently told I had to change from cat V cable to cat VI as the V cable was the problem as it limits the speed.  I purchased cat VI cable and of course, it made no difference at all.  I believe vodafone has now run out of lies and excuses.  I have found online that their routers are crap and can't do the higher speeds.  They deny this but can't explain (or won't say) the real reason the speeds customers are paying for aren't available.   They also won't initiate an investigation with OpenReach to investigate and/or fix the problem.  It took them 6 months to sort our my full fibre connection when I first went full fibre. Crooked company.  I asked to raise a formal complaint about 6 times and they wouldn't do it.  I asked several times what their complaint procedure was and they wouldn't say.  I said I had asked for a formal complaint to be registered and when I asked them on a later chat what the file number was for my complaint, they wouldn't say.  I have found them to be dishonest cheats who can't be bothered with customers.  Avoid vodafone broadband like the plague.  Their full fibre speeds are a lie and their customer service is useless.Update:  I went on to the facebook link provided by vodafone but there was nowhere that I could see to make contact. Why do I need to go onto facebook anyway to have the speed failure escalated?  I have spent hours on the inane chats for 3 or 4 Saturdays in a row!  vodafone knows all about this and continues to bs their way around it. As for their remark about slower speeds than I am expecting!, it's guaranteed speeds that I am paying for! Is nobody in charge there, and is nobody at vodafone honest?  Why has this not already been escalated?  why has a complaint not already been given a case number?  why do I have to go through the same chat bs everytime and the get lied to about the speeds and what the issue is?  Why does vodafone blank out their guaranteed speeds on the chats when the copy is emailed to the customer?  Feels like a fraudulent company to me, at least the broadband arm."
Customer service is probably the most expensive mini company I’ve been with over 20 years. I certainly would use them again very disappointed.
Is it even possible to speak to a human being?????I looked at joining up with Broadband but when I saw the install date I cancelled it as it was over a month away. Spoke to my current provider who tell me vodafone have put the order through anyway. Scummy company with dubious morals.
Horrrible horrible place!!!! I accidentally suspended my service somehow and for a month it being told it’s being worked on and now I find out after spending hours and hours on the phone that’s it’s gonna be another 3 weeks…. I plan on canceling all my services including my 3 cell lines that I had for 15 years……
Just junk reception. Literally 15-18 emails come thru at once a lot of the time because of poor reception.
"In July, I signed up for internet service but then learned their speed was inadequate for my needs. I cancelled within 48 hours but was told that the contract gave them 60 days to make the cancellation effective during which time they would bill my card. Customer service assured me that after those 2 months all payments would be refunded to my card. It is now December- 5 months later - and no refund. I called and was told that they will now process the refund. I asked why it had taken so long and was told that they don’t ever make the refund until the customer calls and asks for it. These people are snakes. I will never do business with them again."
"The worst experience in my life.I have been trying to talk to costumer services for 3 weeks and today I was on hold for 6 hours and right at one hour 1:39 minutes exactly they hang up on me.I decided to drive to the store, first one couldn’t help and the second one too.This is seriously ridiculousStay away from this company"
Painful customer service.
"AT&T is the worst phone company I've ever dealt with. I bought a new phone in May but was given a refurbished or used because it came with no plastic on it and it didn't even have a box when the guy walked out he had to go in the back and get a box. The phone was defective, I went to the AT&T the day after I bought the phone, the guy did nothing so I called at&t. After 3 months of resetting the phone a new sim then a wireless sim, they finally filed the warranty claim to send me another phone. I pay insurance every month. They sent me a phone with no box, no stylist, and the phone was in no way protected. They sent it in a thin piece of plastic with paper around it, in a box that was seven times the size of the phone. So the post office does not handle things with care which means the phone was bounced around the whole trip until it got to me. Now the chances of this phone having something wrong with it is very high. I called AT&T and three different supervisors told me that it was a refurbished phone that it's in the warranty and I signed the contract the green to that. But yes from day one they charge me for a brand new phone. Now I talked to another supervisor named Brooke today and she told me no it's not refurbished it was never used. So AT&T continues to lie, each agent I spoke to, most of them supervisors, each say something different. AT&T is sneaky, deceiving, and complete Liars. Brooke the supervisor talk to me terribly insulted me and then told me that I was being hostile. Because she decided to keep talking over me. When I first started talking she must have muted me or was doing something else because it took her 31 seconds to respond to me when I stopped talking. That's not normal. When I got the phone in the store the man was well aware that I was videoing the interaction because of previous issues with AT&T. Now that I have proof that AT&T store gave me a used phone with no box, and AT&T deciding to send me a refurbished phone, I'll be pursuing other actions. If you want to deal with Liars, and sneaky people, go ahead and get service through at&t. Otherwise I would go to Verizon."
"My partner and her daughter went in only to get another SIM card for a new phone because the one in her existing phone was a micro and the new phone needed a nano in order to transfer the number and contacts over. The sales person seemed ONLY interested in selling a contract to her. Then proceeded to tell her that her existing number was inactive and no longer in service. Which I knew was a lie because we had tried to transfer the number and contacts and couldn't because there was no SIM in the new phone. Prior to that, Vodafone sent a security code to the existing phone number in order to allow the transfer of the number and contacts to a new SIM. Which is how we knew that her number was still active.Misleading and lying to customers. Should and will be reported to Vodafone head office."
"8 minutes speaking to a machine, then 5 minutes security checks, to complain how bad my internet is, to be told my broadband is average in my area and have to pay for an upgrade if i want decent speed times! Already paying 34 pounds. Time to switch, much better deals around!!Great Response😂😂😂😂customer care (not)"
"The company does not value its customers as they claim. They treated me like crap after been with them for over a decade. The insurance company they use (Assurant) is equally a fraud. They claimed not to receive my old damaged cell phone I sent back to them during a claim. They were charging me $1,100 for the no-good cell phone. Is this how phone and insurance companies suppose to conduct business with their loyal customer? I am going to file against them and switch carrier."
I don’t understand why they make it impossible to pay my bill !! I’ve tried for four days to make a payment and because I have a new debit card number it’s impossible to make a payment !! I guess it’s time to find a new phone company. Terrible customer service !!
"Setting up as a new customer and transferring from another carrier, I selected a plan and ordered a phone. Order was confirmed, $$$ deducted from my bank account (set up auto-pay for additional discount), yet no correspondence received had any information on how to set up a way to access my AT&T account, therefore no way to log in, etc. Numerous emails and jumping through hoops attempting to initiate the Signature Program through my employer, a major university where I’ve worked over 15 years, which discount was denied, I called AT&T customer service and was transferred numerous times, finally landing with the rudest rep I have ever encountered. They insisted I must have set up an account with a passcode  for the order to go through, despite my insistence I did not do so - I only provided my email, phone number, SS#, address, etc., online on their website. I have a MacBook which saves every account and password created and have nothing stored. They continued to berate me when I requested the order be cancelled stating they couldn’t since the account wasn’t active. All the red flags are going off and I will not be doing business with this company after this frustrating experience."
I have called multiple times on a billing issue. They never can answer or resolve a simple issue.Unfortunately I just upgraded my phones and am stuck with the bad service for another 3 years-It happens every time- no worse custumer service than ATT.
"We had to call up to get to grips with my Dad's vodafone contracts as he has brain cancer and we're getting his affairs in order.From start to finish, over the course of about an hour of attempting to gain an understanding of his payment commitments and agreements with vodafone, we found ourselves utterly none the wiser due to painfully unclear communication from the agent, who repeatedly insisted on gaining agreement from my Dad for my mother and myself to be granted insight despite having apparently satisfactorily achieved this early on and my Dad being fatigued and experiencing difficulty talking. (He was twice put on the line to the agents satisfaction, but this ultimately wasn't good enough).As we had to ask for clarity over and over, the agent eventually became noticably annoyed and snippy and we were ultimately passed on to another department whom he failed to sufficiently advise of the situation, so we were once again asked to put my Dad on the line which I refused to do.I was declined the opportunity to complain to a senior and instead fobbed off to their website, but guess what, I've ended up here.All we wanted to know was what services his direct debits to vodafone were for. We still don't know.The experience was exhausting and agonising.Dreadful."
"I just switched to another phone company. AT&T's internet service was slow, it always disconnected, and I was always running out of data and being overcharged for my phone/internet bill."
"U can start by listening to the costumer.Stop billing people for things they don't have.Start explaining stuff correctly to your customer and stop doing what y'all want to do, that's unfair to customers.AT&T i wouldn't recommend them to anyone.And if you have AT&T I would leave them asap."
"T-Mobile is like  scam. When I sign up with them at Costco, they Promise me with all that rebate and promotion And the plans I need to sign up. After I sign up and send in all my rebate three months later, they say I don’t qualify with my current plans So they tell me to upgrade my plan in order to qualify and switch back to my original plan after. but now when I asked them to switch me back to the original plan, they say the price going up so do not believe anything they told you in the promotion because they will find a way to make you pay them back in two years like me I’m stuck with them for two years 😢"
AT&T has awful customer service. They are crooks. They charge you when you  are no longer with the company. I transferred over to T-Mobile and AT&T keeps charging me even after I left. I was told to pay the final bill before I could have my number transferred and I paid it. Now the company keeps charging me monthly and late fees. No rep. Can find my account because they closed it out and I cannot see exactly what they are charging me 200$ for. This is not a trustworthy company to be with. I wouldn’t recommend this company to anyone. The government needs to look into how they are  falsely and over charging people who no longer wish to be with the company. I stayed with this company for so long because I wasn’t closely looking at all the things they were doing to my account. When I did realize how they were paying the bill way too early when I had auto pay and the bill kept going up without me noticing it because it was auto pay. Stay as far away from this company as possible.
I was offered a service for moving all my business lines over by James Robertson of T-Mobile via email. None of that agreement played out the way it was supposed to. No one in support will accept an email to adjust bill. I cancelled all service immediately after being told there was no way to get my bill to what was offered.
"Absolutely terrible experience - don't believe these ""easy peasy"" to switch adverts - more like ""difficult difficult""!! It was the most frustrating experience! When the engineers came to install my fibre they cut my previous cable and then were not able to install the new cable due to some kind of blockage (fair enough, not their fault). They promised it would be all sorted next day (I explained to them I work from home so I need the internet). Well, I call vodafone up in the morning because no one has turned up and I had no communication whatsoever as to what is going on, when I finally manage to get through to someone they say it will be UP TO 5 WORKING DAYS! I asked if there's any way this can be expedited as I work from home and I need the internet, but no luck! Customer service is a shambles - just a bunch of people reading from a script and not helpful AT ALL. In the end we ended up sorting it out ourselves with CityFibre themselves who were brilliant and got us up and running the next day! So it could have been expedited, just not by vodafone!They then offered me £20 for my 2 days of missed work which is just insulting. Even more insulting?! When they actually paid it it was only £18 ! After spending 2 days pretty much non-stop on the phone with vodafone and CityFibre, I can safely say if we didn't sort this out ourselves with CityFibre we would still be without internet and none the wiser as to what is going on as vodafone themselves are clueless.If you do want to go with vodafone, you want to pray nothing ever goes wrong because good luck getting it sorted!"
Horrible! Don’t get involved with these crooks. Signed up on a “promotion” to buy a phone for 400.00. I didn’t need 24 months to pay off 278.00. They said if I wanted to leave my phone would now cost me 800.00. These guys are thieves and thugs
First Time Dealing With Customer Service Where The Employees Seemed To Not Have A Solution To Anything Or They Was Just Guessing At It But It Started From Me Trying To File A Claim On My Phone Because I Couldn’t Call My Girlfriend Unless We Was Connected To The Same Wi-Fi And They Ran Test And It Was Something To Do With The Phone So I Went Through With The Claim People And The Man Told Me All I Had To Do Was Take The Phone In Store He Already Sent My Info And They Would Switch It Out Which Wasn’t The Case At All And On Top Of That I Had Sent My Black Iphone Back Still New Damn Near No Scratches Nothing Never Drop Water Damage Nothing I Get To The Store To Pick Up My New Phone And It’s White Which They Didn’t Tell Me Before Hand So The Woman Ask If I Wnated To Wait I Could Return This One And I’m Literally Done With Them At This Point Before Hand To Even Get The Clain The Customer Service Calls Getting Nothing But Disappointment Because The First Rep Told Me They Noted Everything Down So If The Steps Didn’t Work If I Had To Call Back It Would Already Show We Did All The Trouble Shooting And Just To Send Me To The Claims Department Just To Find Out Nothing Was Noted So I’m Trying To Explain To The Man I Just Want To Take Out The Claim I’ve Already Did All The Steps Which I Get Hung Up On After Him Saying He Was Going To Transfer For The Line And To Make A Long Story Short It Seemed That They Hired The First People They Step Out Side And Seen Like It Was Horrible I’ve Never Felt Disrespected By A Company As Much As I Did By Them It Was Like No Concern About My Issue At All But I Ended Up Suing Them And Not Even Getting What Was Agreed By Choice Because It Wasn’t More So About The Money With Me But The Lack Of Service That Many People Pay For That Wasn't Met if Your Going To Run A Billion Dollar Company At least Pay For Some Employees That’s Going To Keep A Business Looking Good Not Ones That’s Going To Get You A Lawsuit
Regarding: Samsung Z fold 5I did not have a good experience with customer service because I was told I would get charged to speak to the technical team.So if I booked an appointment with the technical team I would be charged which I have no ideawhy !!The other solution was I send the phone off for repair without me knowing what the situation is with the phone how can I just send it off for repair!!! I requested appointment in store with customer service because you would be waiting for a long time just to be seen and I was told that I would have to walk in and wait and wait until I am seen.they would not assist over the phone because the handset is not in front of them I simply had a storage issue & phone turning off whist using the device.I was looking for something simple answers because I thought it might just be something that can be sorted out in person rather than me having to send this handset off which is so frustrating. Waste of call & cannot hear the person talking as they use bad headsets which makes the voice muffled. Regret being with Vodaphone!
"If I could give 0 stars I would. The worse company and I been with them for years. They charged me for two accounts when I upgraded from uverse to internet air. When caught it, they know the amount they owe, have case numbers, spoke to 6 reps, and still have not been refunded."
"Switching tmobile has been nothing but a nightmare,I came from spectrum mobile on the Verizon network , never had any issues using data in my home ,  my data speed on the 4g lte network was around 140 megabit per second download but verizon has no 5g network I'm my area so I came to tmobile there 5g speed is abouy 50 megabits Now I have no data connection in my home I have towers everywhere around me there is no excuse. 1 week in to the plan data just disappears in and out constantly,   I got mixed reasons chat says tower upgrade then chat again says no tower upgrade and phone support says tower upgrade ,  don't they let customers know their services will be interrupted?Trade your device with T-MOBILE is far from trade ins.  When you take your car for a trade in the trade value gets deducted from the new car sale .. not as a credit..smh but here it's we buy your device and just give you credit on your account so you can buy more tmobile products with your creditIt's not a trade inNow I'm looking to go back to my old carrier"
I come to shop and rude man only want to talk if sale if no sale he very rude man
I've had scam calls and Vodafone won't reimburse me as I've been charged. Was given the gigacube for wifi and it was the worst thing I've ever encountered they sent out broadband and then cancelled it.. The signal is absolutely horrendous they don't do anything to help loyal customers the call centre staff are unhelpful and just don't care the worst phone company ever!
"T-Mobile customer care, suck big time, the peoples don't know what their ate doing, don't care what problem you are having don't have the knowledge to resolves your problem Everytime I call get the same thing my call gets disconnected today it happen to me 2 times, I was left again with no"
"ATT/DIRECTVI COULDN'T BE MORE DISSATISFIED WITH YOUR SERVICE.  YOU DON'T DESERVE EVEN ONE STAR. AFTER THE NIGHTMARE TO GET INTERNET AND TV SERVICES, I WOULD NEVER RECOMEND YOU TO ANYONE.  FROM YOUR SALES PERSONAL TO YOUR SUPPORT HELP.  YOU ALL DESERVE A ZERO.  ONLY TWO PEOPLE THAT I HAVE SPOKEN WITH SINCE THIS NIGHTMARE STARTED DEC. 20TH HAVE GIVEN ME THE PROPER SUPPORT I NEEDED.  I INFORMED THEM I WAS VERY UNHAPPY WITH THE SERVICE I HAD RECEIVED SO FAR.  I NORMALLY DON'T WRITE REVIEWS BUT AFTER THIS EXPERENCE I HAD TO.  AFTER 38 EMAILS AND 7 TEXT MESSAGES, THATS NOT COUNTING THE ONES I DELETED, AND BEING ON HOLD FOR OVER 4 HOURS THROUGHOUT THIS PROCESS, I FINALLY GOT SERVICE WORKING.  I TRIED TO FIND ON YOUR WEBSITE WHERE I CAN WRITE A REVIEW.  I STILL HAVEN'T FOUND IT.  I CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND AFTER BEING ON HOLD FOR 30 MINUTES AND REQUESTING A CALL BACK THAT TOOK OVER 30 MINUTES TO RECEIVE I SPOKE TO SOME FOREIGN PERSON WHO I COULDN'T UNDERSTAND, I WAS TRANSFERED TO ANOTHER FOREIGN PERSON I COULDN'T UNDERSTAND.  I ASKED TO SPEAK TO SOMEONE WHO SPOKE PROPER ENGLISH.  I NEVER GOT TO THAT PERSON.  SINCE THEN I HAVE CALLED THE SALES PERSON WHO SOLD ME THE GARBAGE INTERNET/TV SERVICE AND TOLD THEM TO CANCEL MY SERVICE AND TO COME PICK THEIR EQUIPMENT UP.  EVERYTHING WOULD HAVE BEEN ALRIGHT ACCEPT FOR YOUR TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.  TOM FROM ROCKFORD, ILL. IS THE ONE PERSON WHO REALLY HELP ME THE MOST.  HE DESERVES 5 STARS.  IF ANYONE FROM ATT/DIRECTV WOULD LIKE TO CONTACT ME, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO DO SO."
"Atrocious customer service!Phoned this company three times in a week about overcharges on my contract. Spent 40+ minutes on each of the first two calls. Promised calls back with resolution but nothing. Third time today - they promised to call me back again and have not.My advice is to avoid this company at all costs - they have no idea what customer service is. Maybe it’s because I don’t use my phone a great deal, who knows, but they couldn’t care less. Even the retentions department are not bothered. Good luck to phone company 3 in your merger with this lot."
When I joined Vodafone there was an offer for a tablet which I did not receive. When I call I was told they will send me a link in November last year and I can use  to collect from amazon. Up till now no link no tablet. The worst part of joining Vodafone is I have Vodafone Wires which was put there by them hanging in front of my house and when I called them today the customer service agent told me to look for a local engineer and pay them to do it. So I still have Vodafone wires hanging in front of my house. Internet Sometimes not great at night.I have started looking for a new provider to leave Vodafone after my call to them today.
"Oh dear after a marathon install of untold hours, nothing will work.  Some numpty has decided that Russians will be outside my country home so I must have a 12 digit password. Problem is I would have to reconnect 50 IOT devices that use an 8 digit password, and re-enter more than 150 routines with over 800 commands in. No, thank you.  Just get an unlimited SIM for £18 and find an old phone."
"At&t worst company for internet, I haven't had my internet for last 12 days in my business and their customer service can't tell you when they can restore the service."
"network problems. for a few weeks I can't use the phone at all because they were doing what repairs are related to the network, despite that I paid the bills normally, I have not received a refund for this period. I do not recommend them and I will never go back to them"
I went to make a payment arrangement through the app. The app froze so I closed it and re opened it. When I did it showed zero balance owed. It took the money without an authentication from me. Ended up paying my rent a week late. Soon as my phone contract is up I'm finished with AT&T. I know calling customer service is a waste of time. 15 years with AT&T. They have fallen so far.
"If I could give them a (-5 star) I would. I dread being with this company and is seriously going to change companies as soon as I get a chance to. The way this economy is setup its already difficult for one person to manage paying their necessities like rent/mortgage, utilities etc, it makes no sense having to pay a phone bill that’s almost equal to the same amount as the electrical bill. This company rates are ridiculous and have no problem shutting you off. Knowing everyone needs a way to communicate, uses this to their advantage to rip people off."
"I wrote a review about the awful service I received at a Tmobile store. I gave them a 1 star rating. A ""supposed "" owner replied to the review with his email address. So I decided to take him up on his offer to discuss my review. Turns out that the email address was phony and probably the name of the owner as well! Tmobile is very helpful when you are signing up for a service. But when it's necessary to cancel the service, they aren't so helpful anymore! I had signed up for the 5g internet service to use at our campground park model. It didn't work very well and I took the modem device back to the Tmobile store I got it from to cancel the service. All of a sudden, I'm not allowed to return the device and they are not allowed to cancel the service either. I was told I had to call a number to cancel, they would email me a return label, then I had to box it up and take it to UPS within 14 days to return it. RIDICULOUS!!"
AVOID! I’ve had broadband for 6 months and I’ve spent over 13 hours on the phone to them as the internet drops out several times every single day!!I’ve contacted them 13 times since October. Every time they run through the same process and nothing has changed. They always say they will call back but they never do!!I tried to make a complaint on the phone and when I’ve called back today apparently the complaint wasn’t even submitted their end.They’ve tried to say I need to pay more even though I’m on one of the top packages!  They’ve refused to refund days I’ve not even had internet. They won’t close my contract without me paying!!I think I have been very patient trying to resolve this during the 13 hours spent on the phone to them. Now I’m trapped paying for broadband that doesn’t even work!!
"If I could leave no stars, I would. Worst company overall. So not use AT&T. Stay away. You will be happier for it. They don’t want to be helpful and continue to scam me… I will leave every bad review."
"Inefficient system, never seems to work. Also extremely long waiting times as there is always low number of staff."
VODAFONE are becoming a disgrace I've recently upgraded my phone and contract with VODAFONE and since new contract started I've had nothing but problems with VODAFONE I've had to contact them again today because they are demanding a new payment from me even though my account is up to date regarding payments they say if I don't pay within next 2 days they are going to restrict my account I've spoken to VODAFONE and they are now trying to tell me that they didn't contact me even though they emailed and text me 4 days ago and text me again today demanding payment
"I have tried over 5 times to recover money owed to me by AT&T.   I switched to AT&T over a year ago as I was told that I would have 5G and an excellent signal.  That turned out to be FALSE!   So I called up AT&T and asked for a solution.  They said that could send me a signal booster.  It marginally fixed the issues.    However, what they did NOT tell me was this booster was considered another device on my account and charged me for over 6-8 months.  I also discovered that they had fraudulently opened up additional lines, so had a total of 5 (devices) aka lines when I should have only had ONE!!    So I called up AT&T again and here’s where things get really bad.   The customer service and they way have been treated is beyond egregious.   It took me two to three attempts to get those lines closed and credited back.    Now I have made 5 attempts to get that money returned to my checking account.    I was then told that the money was being credited back but it had to be 2 deposits due to a $500.00 limit on return credits.  I said that was fine.  Total was around $700.00.    Well guess what happened next!!   The Money did not get refunded.   I have now tried 4 more times to get that money returned.   Each time I have to explain the whole situation and each rep has to do all new investigations!!   I have now made several more attempts and have been told that I would receive calls back from supervisors on 4 occasions now and not a single person has called me back!   I am UNABLE to retrieve my money for these additional unauthorized lines and I am beyond angry.   I will be consulting with an attorney and filing a lawsuit against AT&T.    Not to mention I will be closing my account and NEVER doing business with their Mobility division ever again!!!!"
I had a very bad experience with vodafone in Haywards Heath on the 1st of Nov. I went in there to check on an order which I thought was done on 31st Oct at Haywards heath branch. The Customer service at haywards said the order was not completed on 31st Oct. Then She said you have two options cancel the order and thats it or start over again(which I spend two hr with my pregnant wife on 31st oct at store). The way they treated us on 1st of Nov was not right as I think as a customer when you spend time for a product you really want to buy the company should also make sure that the customer for their product is treated well and not come back and say you need to cancel it and do nothing. Instead to get the order sorted out they just wanted to cancel it and finish it. If vodafone doesn’t want customers to purchase phones from their outlets don't advertise saying you have got offers and so on. If you think customers can be treated like this then you’re wrong.Have been using for Vodafone for long and I would say Burgess Hill Store is better that HH.
Unfortunately the worst internet coverage I have ever encountered. Internet connection drops multiple times a day. The speed is so slow you can't make calls over the internet. As somebody who is working from home constantly having to apologise for my internet provider. The internet you pay for should not be this poor in this day and age. Taking ten minutes to send an email is no joke! Today I couldnt purchase something and had to phone up to complete as the internet timed out on the sale. This is just a few of the issues when trying to use Vodafones internet service. Certainly would not move to them for mobile based on this experience. No point phoning as have not been able to reach a solution to date. They are happy taking my money for a sub standard service.Again missing the point that I am writing this review after the many times of reaching out to Vodafone by phone and email. Just another standard response to a review with no care for the reason why the customer is writing it!My opinion is even lower of Vodafone after this response. I have had nearly a year of poor internet. So not sure when it is going to be better when you say it is variable. Banging my head against a brick wall trying to get any sort of resolution.Didn't think it was possible for Vodafone service to get any worse. Now two and a half hours without reliable internet. Vodafone have now after many previous emails decided my account details aren't correct so can't correspond by email. You couldn't make this stuff up! Avoid at all costs. They are useless by phone and email. Complete lack of customer care
"Guys don’t even think buy things from these scammers, so I bought a plan with them I wasn’t be able to receive it, the cellphone was sent back to them and I was told that I can try again  directly from the shop, so couple weeks when I tried again  I just realize that they’ve been charging me for the plan which I didn’t even use, the worst part they made me pay 90$ for a receipt because they said that if I don’t do that, they will pull a inquiry in credit bureaus,so I paid it and they told me that they will refund me that couple weeks after, well guess what I called again and customers service which is really useless told me that I must to pay the other half, because the account is close and cancelled, but still I have to pay for something that I never used.be careful with these guys."
Since the breach my account was hacked. Payments we made went idk… someone filled a fraud thing and it was fraud against me yet you can’t get ahold of the fraud dept. my bill doubled ( I did not owe) turned off my services we just paid for and 2 months latter I can’t fix it.THEY R STILL BILLING NE FOR SERVICES I HAVE NOT HAD IN MONTHS!!!!I’m thinking of contacting a lawyer going to small claims.Customer service isn’t helpful either. They have my bank account 3214 that’s not my account. That account bounced payments and had money reversed to only god knows!!I’ve never bounced a check so SHAME ON YOU ATT!!!!I’d sugjest u fix this!!!Cynthia newton 916)904-4311I have called a dozen times. Went to stores in person.Verified the money I paid went to you and wasn’t reversed. This is FRAUD AGSINST ME!!!!Also u don’t keep billing for services u took away that’s incompetent.
VODAFONE ARE USELESS!!My phone number was ported to another provider in August 2024. 4 months later I am still being sent bills for a phone plan that is now with EE.Customer services are useless.I have spoken to 4 sets of customer service advisors and they say they have sorted it and then low and behold another bill at the end of the month.When you click on their link for an email - it doesn't work.The phone number they give you to complain is now out of service.Just a joke!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My broadband speed is terrible on an evening. Great during the day getting 900mb. In the evening 20mb. Customer service is terrible they just blame you. Still got nearly 2 years left stuck with this awful service. With BT for 5 years didn't have to call them once. Don't be sucked in by cheap offers. Their network is dire and the customer service is even worse.Update- thank u for replying but nobody at vodafone will help they're utterly useless now stuck for the best part of 2 years with terrible broadband
"On Friday the 3rd January our internet became intermittent, It come on for 5 to 10 minutes and then goes off. I contacted Vodaphone 17 times to assist as my wife and I need the internet for work. I told them  on a number of occasions I  urgently needed it fixing. Like most people today we are reliant on the internet. They told me I needed to use a filter, something they claim to have provided when we opened the contract. I told them an engineer fitted it and we had nothing. We need the internet to control, our heating. I asked an engineer to call me before 10:30 on Saturday as I was going out, he called me at 12:59 when I could not answer the call, gave me a phone number to call up to 8 pm I called at 4 and it cut me off after introducing it was Vodaphone. On Saturday night I got through to an advisor after trying 4 times to contact Vodaphone using the call number and the bott. Every time I contacted them they struggled to find my account. They are now sending me a filter that will take up to 3 business days to get to me. The Advisor is calling me between 12 and 2 although I have told him I had to leave at 12 for a 120 mile journey, but i am supposed to delay this for me to tell him we still have no internet. But what will happen if the filter does not work? On Monday we are supposed to our bosses we cannot work at home until Vodaphone can be bothered to fix the issue. There has been  no offer to help us out with a free upgrade or compensation for no internet for so far three days and there is no urgency to fix the issue. Why do we need a filter after using the service for over two years. This is an extremely poor service especially for me and my wife who are dependant on the internet"
Worst company to deal withDon't join them you will sorry. They are charging me for a bad phone they sent
"After 20 plus years with this company they did nothing to make things easier. After my rate kept increasing there were no deals to keep my bill at a decent rate for just one line. I switched over to Xfinity and tried to use my Google pixel (that had been paid off completely) and keep my number. I have been waiting over a week to get them to unlock my phone so I can use it with Xfinity. Ever time I call it's the same thing, ""they're waiting for business solutions"". I have been told it takes 10 minutes at the most to unlock a phone. And I have been waiting this long. T-Mobile does not care about their customers. They do nothing to help you out. I really don't agree that they would be voted best customer service."
Just lost a 22 year customer Verizon just saved me 2600.00 over att. Loyalty means nothing to them. Terrible service lost calls and warranty is a joke.
"Tried to get away from BT only to be told my address did not exist.  The Vodafone address database is almost ten years out of date so you will spend hours with their digital assistant, who helps you with nothing but continues asking the same questions, over and over again.  All I wanted was to place an order for Broadband.  Simple yes!  No not with Vodafone.  If this is an example for customer service BT not looking so bad."
"I can’t wait for my contract to end, so i can switch movile provider! AT&T is absolutely trash!!!!! I’m waiting for an important call and the call drops and wouldn’t even go throught!!!!! What a joke!!!! And there’s a lot, i mean a lot of dead spots!!!!!!"
"Simply horrible.Signal wasn’t very good, the data hardly ever worked.We eventually left and joined EE, my contract was over. However about 2 months later I got a letter from a debt collection saying I owed Vodafone £30 something. When I contacted the debt collection agency they had no idea why I hadn’t been notified and sent it back to Vodafone. Vodafone didn’t apologise or explain why they never told me I owed them money. I paid it since it was £30But my partner (who also left Vodafone) was told he owed them £210 for the remaining contract balance and phone. So he paid that, but then 3 months later, he has received a letter from a debt collection agency saying he owes £510! Where on earth did this number come from? He contacted the debt collection agency and they sent it back to Vodafone. He has emailed Vodafone wanting an explanation and has not yet received one.We even got a letter saying that his account was settled with the £210 payment. What an absolute joke. Would not recommend"
It sucks and I have plenty of towers around me. It's not consistent. I lose signal and get buffering all the time watching tv. Many times it interferes with downloading. I will move gateway around the house constantly. Customer service is a joke. Was promised a local team but many times outsourced far away. The last thing they pulled is no longer allowing credit cards for auto pay. They had a data breach just last year (UPDATE) and another one just this week. I refuse to hand over the keys to my bank account to appease this mega rich corporation who cares less about my money. I am done with them.
I’ve been an AT&T customer for over 50 years. NO MORE. Thanks to AT&T my social security number is all over the dark web. When are giants like AT&T going to start caring about their customers’ privacy. They are just shrugging off their incompetence and couldn’t care less about the injuries they are inflicting on tens of millions of hard working Americans who trusted them to protect the data they forced us to provide. Yet John Stankey is still the CEO of AT&T and is still “earning” a whopping $24.5 million dollars a year as a bonus for spitting on us. Why is Congress investigating everyone except for the real perpetrators of crime on Americans? I’ll tell you why - it’s called campaign contributions. And how is AT&T compensating us for its criminal negligence in gifting my personal data to thugs? They just raised my rate by $300 a year. SCREW JOHN STANKEY -just like he did to me.
"I went on a cruise. Prior to departure, I purchased att's ""International Day Pass""..., only to find out that this did not cover the period when the ship was actually sailing..., only applied to when the ship was docked at a port. When att informed me of this, I called att customer service to discuss the matter and selected the ""call back"" option in their call menu. So att called me back on what I thought was a toll free number ""+1 (855) 419-7365"" only to be charged $3/min Int'l roaming charge for a total of $84. After the cruise, I called att customer service to remove the charge, but they refused insisting that it was not an att number because att customer service is located in the Philippine islands. The worst part is that the very phone number that they called me back on was again... you guessed it ""+1 (855) 419-7365. Incredible !!!"
"Vodaphone 500 mb deal. Day 1 203mbps, 5th day 37.2! OK 'settling in period' but two concurrent days, below 40 no way! I then wasted an hour of my life with their hapless Tobi Chatbox rubbish talking to the Pacific ring.Almost beaten by their complete inertia, as a last shot, I rung Cusomer Service after a treasure hunt online to access the number!Another waste of time, I could hardly understand what the woman was saying, little remedy that the content had to my situation. Definitely from a script, she was completely absorbed about identity etc.Told them I would quit within the 14 day cooling period from service if the speed didn't improve. After the best part of two hours of this friction my download shot back up to 200+. A short lived fix though, for this morning and all day 29 .4! Got onto my old provider TalkTalk, who took over the whole thing very competently and I go live 2/1/25 with them with an Amazon 6e mesh router. What an utter waste of advertising and all thats involved with gaining a customer in a very competitive and active market. Shocking performance, I'd have fired the lot if they'd ever worked for me! Instead this experience will be hidden, buried in a bland world of Corporate anarchy and disinterest.OK £8 a month more with TT and only 150mbps top download, but at 80 years of age my heart doesn't want any more trips down Vodaphone's 'Stroke Road' to nowhere. Service and competence has a value and living for two years dreading having to contact the supplier has a price and one I'm pleased to pay!"
"I wish I never gave any mind to Vodafone. I’ve only ever had broadband routers from them. My first router did not give me the speeds promised. Customer service is shocking, almost always you get connected to somebody in India with poor language. This time I have a 12 month contract with Vodafone, I have been overcharged since I started the contract 4 months ago, when I try to call Vodafone to resolve this, this is how it goes: I ring, they answer in India, I explain that they are overcharging me, that I have email proof for the £29 agreed, they tell me that all they can see on their screen is £39 which is what they are charging me. I tell them I can send them proof if they have email or if they screen share or send me a link to upload the screenshot of my email. They tell me that they will ask they’re manager to cal me, they’re manager at first didn’t, so I had to start all over again, they’re manage finally calls me and long story short, he can not do anything, he says he could only send me a link if I have a Vodafone mobile, his language is very poor, he confirms he is in India, he does not have the power to pass me to somebody in the UK and does have the power to resolve my issue. In the end he gives me Vodafone’s website address and asks me to chat to the team and upload my screenshot to them, I did laugh because it was that or cry. I asked why as a manger all he can do, is read out Vodafone’s website address. That was that, he wasn’t going to help no matter how hard I tried. I clicked the link and I am greeted with, HEY ITS TOBI THE ROBOT ASSISTANT, HOW CAN I HELP? Honestly this is the worst company ever and I will never use Vodafone again. Please be warned everybody. Use a local business or one like BT where at least you will be connected to real people and people in the uk 🇬🇧."
"I made an order online to get new broadband. Vodafone cancelled it due to 'technical reasons' so they called me a couple days later, spent an hour and half on the phone with me processing the order again. Annoying as I lost my engineer appointment so everything was pushed back. I asked what the technical issue was and the guy gaslight me and said it was because I hadn't signed something. Whilst on the phone to him I checked all my documents they had sent and there was nothing about contract signing.Then a couple days later the called again to say it had been cancelled again. I pushed on this as it was a nonsense and the best I could get was something about a phone number which in both orders I said just to give me a new one. They said it was a Vodafone issue but couldn't give me a genuine reason. Also told me to try again in a month! For what just to cancel again and get delayed further. I can't wrap my head around technical issue = cancel order, it and absolutely idiotic way to run a business. Technical issue should just mean we have some time to sort the problem, you don't just cancel.Shambles of a company, gone to plusnet now but around 2 weeks lost of new service due to delays in engineer appointments."
"Enrolled millions of customer with Good Friday rewards campaign. Now for nearly 3 months no good rewards. Keep on putting win a gift card,    Which is never claimable. I got my whole family of 4 into Vodafone contracts and now regretting. Can’t wait to get out when contract ends. Even once a month Broadband reward is now so poor. On top of it hike the prices each April"
"T-Mobile cheats me when I went to the store on Black Friday at 8:00AM. The saleman told me about T-Mobile Internet and asked me to try out for two weeks free.  I agreed and took the brand new modem home.  By 6:45PM, I returned to the store and returned the new modem back without opening the box.  I told him I'm not interested.  So, I did a paper work and printed me a receipt.Now T-mobile charged me $218.20 including $160 monthly phone service. Don't ever try out with their offer.T-Mobile advertised I can get discount for my old Iphone trade-in for $150. After all transactions, I received an email I only got $45 and I need to get another $90 from Apple.  I canceled my order.Don't buy Iphone from T-Mobile or Phone Service provider. Buy directly from Apple store.  The store does not have what you need and they need to order anyway."
"Just another big corporation who can’t solve your problem, extremely poor signal in central london and just bounce the problem back to me with multiple advisors who don’t care, don’t keep good records or read previous records. So frustrating and at the end of the day immensely bad customer service. Pathetic. Don’t trust. Don’t use."
"Terrible experience switching from Xfinity to AT&T. I was at the branch for hours upon hours. They told me my old number was ported when in fact it was not. I traded in my old phone with them, got a new apple watch, with a three year contract based on the premise that I would be able to keep my business number. I specifically asked the employee at the store about keeping my numbers and their importance and I was assured that it would not be a problem. My business number seemed to work for about a half a day. When I was finally able to get on the phone with the porting department to trouble shoot they said the number was NOT ported and I would have to go back to Xfinity and talk with them. Finally got through to the porting department at Xfinity and they said the line was deactivated and there was nothing they could do. So here I am weeks later with no functioning line that im still being charged for by the way. I didn't even get a receipt or email of the service I was getting when I left the AT&T store. I have no way to log in to my new account to see what is happening as none of the log in features are working. I have wasted so many hours of my time using AT&T chat feature, multiple trips to the store, on hold and being transferred from department to department I feel Like I should be sending THEM a bill for my time!"
"A long time ago, we switched our provider from Comcast to AT&T. A technician from AT&T installed a lot of wiring into our walls throughout our house and tethered a heavy device.We did not like the service, so we switched back to Comcast.A Comcast technician removed and disposed of as much AT&T debris as he could-not all of it-and restored our Comcast service.Over the years, my mom’s health declined, and she died in summer ‘24.Upon going through my late mom’s things and declutterring our house, I rediscovered the residual AT&T wiring that I cannot remove.I called AT&T and told them my story, asking for help to remove their debris. The first rep I spoke with said, “I’m sorry for your loss. We will get a technician to clean up the mess that was left by AT&T.”After holding for an hour, a 3rd rep told me that AT&T will not help me, and I need to appoint someone on my own to clear away their debris.I need AT&T to clear away the mess they created in my house years ago, so that I can move forward with my home improvement. I didn’t ask for money. I just want them to get their junk out of my way."
"T mobile  sucks balls after  switching  from Verizon  to this CS All I get is stories switching through t. Mobile supposed to give me $800 for a switch. It over. Then mess up my credit card. I will personally sur  those  scumbags Every operator you get on he phone is not on my recoricken overseas hindus, the sky disgusting"
I hit 140 judder bars daily at laeast..in auckand..pissed off..and angry at  and acc.
"Network performance is terrible, it has been for a while and it's not getting better.18 months ago I used to be able to hold 4G from where I live in the East Mids all the way down to London.Today, I can only connect via the Edge network, everyone else that lives near me with Vodafone says has the same experience. The staff in our local store are nice but that is not the reason to join a phone network.No communications, no explanation, nothing.  Not acceptable in 2024.I have been a customer for over 11 years, I cannot wait to leave."
"For all first responders; stay away from AT&T and don’t be fooled by their First Net promises. Especially if you live in rural areas. Their coverage is horrible, customer service is nonexistent and cost will continue to climb year after year. My experience with them has been a nightmare and I am switching providers. Never will I return nor recommend them to anyone"
"If you are thinking about setting up a contract with Vodaphone, think again. I had sim only deals for my kids, and at the end of the contract, the prices are hiked up. I was organised and tried to cancel but they have made it almost impossible to do so. If you ring and want to book a new deal, no queues, if you want to ring to cancel, about 30 minutes queues. But i persisted and waited in the queue. Eventually i got through, the chap said to NOT CANCEL MY DIRECT DEBIT as i was owed money back, then they contianued to take another 2 months charges, at the higher rate. So next time, i cancelled the direct debit, and they sent it to a debt colelctor claiming i didnt give them 2 months notice, again, no chance of getting through if you want to cancel. On top of that, you cant port a number from one Vodaphone account to another vodaphone account, so when I got a more competative quote on a comparison site from a third party using vodaphone, and tried to change numbers to that, it couldn't be done, so they charged me for those numbers as well whilst i cancelled!! So i have paid several hundred pounds over and beyond, and they still reckon I owe another £100+. Absolute daylight robbery. I wish I had time and patience to sue them, just thought a quick warning to others to figure out a better plan than me for when you are trying to exit!!! ** I have different numbers with them on different deals as we have 5 kids!!"
"I signed up to trade in our phones, but then we changed our minds and cancelled the trade 3 days later. However, they still sent the phones. We asked them to email us return labels for all the phones, and we sent them back. Despite this, they still ported all my phone numbers to their network, leaving us without working phones. Now we are trying to get our numbers back. This company is a scam – stay as far away from them as you can."
"AT&T customer service is horible. I just wanted to upgrade my internet and 3 hours later it was done. I thought the equipment came in and it wouldn't work, frustrated I cancelled the new service and stayed where  i was.Now I am trying again and I have been passed to 3 reps and 2 hours later still no where. AT&T you need to fix your issues. Im going to verizon ot T mobile, they can't SUCK this bad.Scott H"
"I really dislike Customer Service of At&t. Ever since they outsource. Took me a month and half and 6 phone calls, 9 hours talking to someone, just to get a return label. To return a phone!"
"Like everyone else, ATT lied to me.  I as due a refund, confirmed by AT&T in writing.  I waited & waited for the refund check that never came, so I called ATT.  They changed their story, I was on the phone for 1 hour & 15 minutes.  I gave up. & hung up.  T Mobile is great!"
"I have had the service for a year and 4 months and it the service center that is in the Philippines is the most atrocious comments said to customers I have ever heard and if you complain you they put you on hold,  Comments that have been said to me include, go get a cup of coffee and get a cookie, to just begin with.  They have been charging me for tablets that I do not have every month and I have to be on the phone for 1-2 hours every billing cycle.  I know their prices are good but the customer service is enough to make you insane."
"The most poorly designed UX for an app i've ever come across.Live chat disconnects every 30 seconds. When it reconnects you're told that the chat has now ended and you have to start all over again.Consistent app-related issues (incredible for a tech company). I can't make payment within the app - whether new card or saved card - the loading button never actually follows through. Yet on the desktop site it works well.Abandoned payments should be a metric you guys are aware of - it tells me you aren't monitoring the UX of your app at all. You add on missed payment fees with a ""friendly reminder that paying on our app is quick and easy"". It isn't.Customer service ""you can avoid these issues by setting up a direct debit""...okay, but it shouldn't be necessary: frictionless mobile payments is an incredibly basic requirements in 2024."
"ATT deserves negative stars. Never ever ever pay a dime to these MF bastards. I have been a customer for more than 35 years. They DO NOT CARE. I was on the phone with them/on hold more than 5 1/2 hours on Friday and more than 6 hours on Saturday. I still do not have service. They kept transferring me to departments that were closed, hanging up, cutting me off, lying and saying they'd call back in 20 minutes. No one ever did. Every single person told me something else was wrong. They were rude, unprofessional, untrained and inhumane. THEY DO NOT LISTEN. They lied and they lied and they lied and they lied. And then they had the nerve to try to upsell when their primary service doesn't work. They hire idiots and don't train them other than teaching them not to care about their customers. I run two small businesses and they have continuously damaged my ability to connect with my customers. On top of that, their equipment and their lines are absolute garbage. ATT and the people who work there are pure filth."
"Their customer service is awful. I cancel their overpriced cell service to get a better deal with a different provider. They still took money from my account. I called and explained to them that I cancelled the service, but they insisted they were right. They were not right. They keep sending me notices that I have a credit that will be applied to my next bill. How can that be when I don't have an account. I have called multiple times to get a refund and I'm given the run around and never get the money I am owed. Today I had to jump through more hoops to finally get the promise of a prepaid card mailed to me. The money NEVER should have left my bank account! I am glad to not be a customer with this company that thinks it is okay to steal from a person's bank account and then have the audacity to make them prove that the money was wrongfully taken out of their account. If you had the correct system of accounts, you would be able to see on a closed account that the customer is owed a refund. Start taking accountability and show your customers some respect. This ordeal has been many months in the making. Glad it is over. I do not recommend this company at all!"
"Received my router, noticed that the cable didn’t fit. Rang and asked for an adapter, was told that the adapter would be sent before my activation date. Activation date is today and no adapter received, spoke to Vodafone and was told there was never an order raised. Have to sit and wait now for another week to wait for a bloody adapter. New customer, wish I could just cancel. Why not send an adapter in the box anyway for people who might need it."
"Very bad experience. You actually pay for a 5G plan, but they provide speeds below 4G. When you try to cancel contract due to their poor network, they pass you from one agent to another and won’t allow cancellation unless you pay for penalties. THIS IS RIDICULOUS!"
"Cancellation put in after years of service with them we switched due to high fees and sub par service.  Called and cancelled per stores request only to get another bill and stayement showing they didnt cancel the line.  They said their AI showed no record of the call. I told him I would screen shot the call log where I had a 23 minute conversation with the lady. He said again no record or the call, our AI would have registered it.... they will not credit the bill back. Garbage company. Look elsewhere"
"Been with Vodafone for 4 years, never missed a payment, have Experian credit rating of 928 out of 999 but Vodafone failed my credit check for an upgrade and won’t give an explanation.I went to EE and they passed me straight away.Bye bye Vodafone 😊"
"I recently wrote a review of Assurant, the company that does T-Mobile's insurance company. It wasn't a good one. I didn't really have any problem with T-Mobile, I had been with them for 2 yrs. After getting bent over by Assurant I reached out to T-Mobile thinking maybe they could help me. Their response was to inform me that I got bent over deal with it. Well I decided I would just buy another galaxy out of my own pocket but it just rubbed me wrong. So fighter pilots I'm now a straight talk wireless customer. T-Mobile has no appreciation for a good customer and they are as sorry as Assurant. Like peas in the same rotten pod"
"Awful Awful Awful. I have just moved to Vodafone broadband as my last provider pushed prices up quite high and for the same speed throughout my house (or so I thought) for a cheaper cost I moved to Vodafone.Got the router and set it up today and was connecting the TV’s throughout the house. Problems in the bedrooms as there was no signal or very little 1-2MbpsI checked everything and no improvement so spoke to Vodafone on their chat. I was told that the issue was the Vodafone router is only good for around 8m or so and after that there is no guarantees. My house is longer so Vodafone said that’s the problem. Their equipment won’t go that far but all providers are the same. Well that’s nonsense as my last provider managed it just the cost had gone up so high. The solution they have for the poor signal is for me to pay much more per month and they will send boosters. So I asked them to confirm that they would have me pay much more to resolve their issue and was told yes. That’s the only solution. I asked where in all the documents or contacts does it say it’s 8-10m maximum for their router’s capabilities and they said it’s not anywhere, just everybody knows this. Well I certainly didn’t know Vodafone that you don’t recommend your WiFi for anyone who needs it in their house if it’s longer than 8-10m.Beware if looking at Vodafone as they don’t tell you this but expect you should know it.Looking for a new provider now and I have threatened legal action if they try and imply any fees or charges as their WiFi isn’t fit for purpose if you have a slightly bigger house.They do try and hassle you when typing by saying after 20-30 seconds “Not trying to rush you but are we still connected” even though they can see you are typing and when you eventually write what you need to say, they disappear for several minutes. Clear hypocrisy. Poor customer service, poor quality of product, poor broadband signals and the main focus is to get you to “upgrade” at a cost to get what your paying for anyway.EDIT: Edit to Vodafone’s reply. Where the router is situated is exactly the same spot as the last router was and we had NO issues. Your CS team said your equipment is only good to give a WiFi signal for about 8m or so but you don’t tell anyone this beforehand but I guess this is a tactic to lure people in with cheaper prices and then sell them the upgrades to get signal throughout their houses."
"In short, when I tried to add cell phones to the 5G internet service I had set up the day before, they set up a new account that was linked to the interim cell phone numbers, instead of the email address I had linked to the account the day before (I did not know I had two accounts).  I had autopay set up for the first account, which was apparently not being used. They started charging for the two phone lines before they were even able to be set up, with all of the necessary transfer actions.  They shut down my home internet service for lack of payment, even though I was paying on the first account, so I had to pay $270 to reactivate it (while I was in two online meetings needed for income) without a bill to know what I was paying for.  Subsequently, the necessary items were complete to transfer the cell phones and the only thing T-mobile was able to do was render the cell phones as bricks and make it so that they didn't work at all.  After spending over 10 hours on the phone with them, they started telling me I had to wait 24 hours for provisioning to occur, 18 hours after we first  started to try the transfer.  Ultimately, my wife needed functional phones, so then I switched to verizon.  Even though the only function T-mobile served was to kill my wife's phones, they will not refund the $160 for the cell phone services that they were not able to activate, the late fee for payment of a bill that was only sent to a nonexistent phone number, or the reactivation fee.  So they want me to pay for a service that they couldn't provide solely because I signed up for it.  I have now paid $330 to T-mobile for a partial month of a $60 service, with no recourse.  Unfortunately, at the moment, T-mobile is the only viable home internet service in the area other than Starlink."
Horrible customer service!! I will definitely switch to a more professional provider.
Crap connection. Constantly drops off. The router is rubbish and the customer service is the worst in history. Stay away.
Both wifi and cell phone data are often slow and intermittent. I suspect l got what l have paid for.
The worst customer service ever. Sprint was much better.
"Bad experiences with this company tell me that paying for a service not long time ago was less agony and I felt less frustrated with a potentially bad experience.Today's services are based on a far west scenario with unpredictable perspectives if we keep going like that.Exception made for the vodafone Manager and staff in my town of Trowbridge ( thank you), the company's online customer service must have extensive customer service training because what they are offering now, is unacceptable...Especially after going through the account holder's identity checks, and asking for a simple document that you can't get only online.I will get straight to the point.It's incomprehensible that for a change of an account holder in an ongoing contract that ends in March 2025 be charged £34 in exit fees!I haven't asked to exit, just changed the contract ownership name on it because it's a joint property.My former wife's money would be no different to my money, just until the contract ends, likely soon, afterwards.Sorry, but this is honestly, ridiculous.I hope the people who have the power to change this unfair contract and condition clause, will remove this article from the companies that considering this particular case of requesting a contract holder change... Common sense, permitting?I start to see it disappearing, completely .I got the proof of what I stated stored on my records with the time and date on it... If any authority want to investigate I'm more than happy... Misunderstanding...sure..."
There is no way in Hell I would do business with any company that associates themseives with Snoop Dogg!! What a piece of garbage.
When we set up our lines and bought our smart watches they accidentally charged us for an extra watch line. We unfortunately didn’t catch it and when we did they only refunded us 8 months out of 24 months. The person we spoke with would not transfer us to a manager and said that the manager said we would have to just eat the cost. He would not come to the phone. I find this ridiculous. 21 years with Sprint and we never had issues with service before. They get bought out by T Mobile and it’s been nothing but problems. Their home internet service is terrible.
ScamPoor service
"Terrible service! The bring you in with the promise of a promotion credit, that you will never see. I was told there was a lock on the device , which was impossible! Please save your money and go elsewhere. You will never get the promotion!"
I talked to a person about upgrading mine and my wife's phone and looked into iPhone and was told would have to pay 0 for 2 new iPhones and then i asked about doing one android and was told would have to pay 170.00 something for taxes on a new android phone so hung up and talked to my wife about the increase to the bill for 50.00 for iPhone 14s and 60.00 for iPhone 15s and wife said let's go with the 2 newest iPhones. So called back about 10min later and wanted to get the 2 new iPhone 15's and was told i would have to pay 230.00 something for the taxes i told that person hell no i want what i was told on the previous call and she messaged the first girl i talked to to call me back and she said that the 2nd person was right that i had to pay the taxes but i told her she told me for the iPhones would pay 0 and only would pay if i decided to get android and argued with her that she told me i would pay 0 and she needed to honor what she told me and she said that the system must of messed up and she couldn't honor what she said earlier so i asked for her manager and as soon as he got on the phone he was rude and i argued with him some too and told him i know you recorded all your calls so listen to the call and he said no that no matter what that uncle sam wants his money and that was that. He said he could give me the president of T-Mobiles info and take it up with him but it won't change anything I would still have to pay. I then told him ok fine he's going to lose a customer that's been with them for over 12 years and I'm going to get the rest of my family and friends that have T-Mobile to leave as well and i all ready just in one day got 32 family and friends leaving T-Mobile and going to Verizon with me for lying to me and not giving me what i was told i was going to get. All this will also be posted all over social media and all platforms to the way you all are at T-Mobile telling people one thing one moment and the turn around 10min later telling them something totally different and not wanting to honor what was said the first time. Hope you enjoy losing a-lot of customers for the stupid things you do to your customers and they just take it and not fight back but I'm done taking your bs anymore and this wasn't the first time this has happened to me in the time i was with T-Mobile that was told one thing and then something totally different later and don't want to rectify the issues and just have us all eat it and take it . No more will i take it. I hope a-lot more people see this and step up and fight back as well.Good day a long lived client for 12 years is now gone.
It’s actually way easier to get an abortion than to quit an ATT product.  They give you the run around like I’ve never witnessed.
"Had my phone stolen, called Vodafone to put a block on my number - which was told had been placed.Few hours later I discovered my number was still active - called Vodafone and they said ""this happens once in a blue moon"" and the block hadn't been properly put onto my number - allowing the person who stole my phone access to security codes being sent to that number.Now trying to reactivate my number on a new phone - been calling up for four days in a row - and keep being told it will be resolved in 24 hours. No one can adequately explain to me the cause of the delay; I've been into Vodafone store twice and they won't help - just been told to call the awful customer service number.Meanwhile I can't change passwords/security for numerous accounts, because I don't have access to my number, and the hacker could be adding to the already £1,000's worth of fraud they've made in my name.From my dozen or so phone calls with Vodafone - I do not feel anyone understands/cares."
"As every year, AT&T's chaos on the day Apple opens preorders for the new iPhone was unbelievable, and this year was the worst of all. After dealing with the constant issues on their website and thinking I had finally placed my order, it was canceled. I tried a few more times, and each attempt ended the same way. I finally spoke with a customer service agent, but after two hours of conversation, even he couldn’t figure out what the problem was.It’s frustrating and disappointing. After 14 years with AT&T, I’ve decided to look for another provider. The service quality has dropped too much, and it’s clear they don’t care about their customers or providing decent service."
Over months ago I sign contracts with Vodafone for IPhone 16 pro ! Vodafone provided faulty device and took my IPhone 13Pro for trade in ! And till today  18/20/2024 I haven’t received any replacement device or my old iPhone 13 Pro ! And communication very bad ! Avoid this Provider!
Internet only works in my area from 11pm to 6am. I have the $75 a month max plan. Customer service hangs up on me and all of a sudden “can’t hear you.”
I was basically scammed to switch to att in target. Now 1 year later the service in my area is so bad I have none in my house. Screw att I hope you go out of business. Then your call centers in India can’t even help us. I’m also a veteran and I would never recommend this to my worst enemy.
"Do not trust t moble at all. I was lied to auburn store about what I would pay, then asked about adding two more lines on phone with some one and lied to again. They tell u a price to get u to sign up. Guarantee that price and then jack the price way up instantly. More people need to step up and turn them in to bbb. They do not have a right to sell u a deal so u switch to find out deal don’t exist."
"I'll start with a positive to show this a balanced review. I had broadband with Vodafone for 2 years and the service was very reliable. No complaints there.The problem started as soon as I migrated to another provider using OTS (One Touch Switch). All seemed to be fine in that the new service started on the agreed date, Vodafone's service ceased on the same date. However, Vodafone has kept billing me. I have been on the phone to them umpteen times over the past month, each time for about an hour at a time. I am given the same explanation each time in that their system shows the service in some kind of stuck mode (do I really care about their internal systems?) and that the correction would be made within 2 to 3 working days. It never happens.After several rounds of this, I have asked to speak to someone more senior as I have grown tired of being given the same explanation and nothing getting resolved. Their managers seem very reluctant to speak to a customer as not one has ever come on the line. I think their front staff try to do their best but they seem powerless to either resolve the problem or to engage a manager.I am now so dissatisfied, I will most likely contact Ofcom/ombudsman.Update on 15/11/24 following Vodafone's reply:Like many people, I don't use X or Instagram. If the Vodafone team/person that posted the reply was sincere in wanting to look into this matter, they would have looked up the account number I included with the original review. I thought that was what it was for, no? More of Vodafone looking at things from their perspective rather than trying to see it from the customer's."
"This is another example of the bigger the company is, the worse experience you get. I tried to buy broadband from them - an impossible task. Before buying, you get automatically redirected and they ask you to enter your current provider, which I do not have. There is no option such as ""none"" or similar, therefore the system does not allow you to proceed further. The person who designed this must be braindead, without considering that there are people who do not have broadband at all. I tried to solve this by contacting them via chat - it was even worse. There is a stupid bot that does not understand anything and then it asks for my phone number. The website design is so bad that it does not even allow you to enter a phone number, the window just stays gray. Lastly, I tried calling them - again mission impossible, nobody picks up the phone no matter how long I wait. Gave up. If the experience of trying to become a customer is this miserable, I can only imagine the level of frustration and poor service that I would encounter AFTER signing the contract and becoming a customer."
"WORST EXPERIENCE!I am a brand new member at the excelsior springs, Mo location on Jesse James Rd and within the first 14 days I spoke to many chat reps and made 2 visits to the store. I have kept all the screenshots for evidence. Apparently it’s okay for T-Mobile sales reps to attempt to rip off customers for $750+ plus dollars when I was later told should’ve only been $70 when trying to do a buyer’s remorse. Apparently it’s okay for sales representatives to add a phone line to my account illegally without my permission and access all my banking information and cause my credit to go down 27 points. I tried to resolve this and T-Mobile ultimately told me they are not doing anything to make it right and that’s it’s my problem. I would not recommend them to anyone."
"Vodafone are charging me a whole month line rental for a period where I am no longer a customer.  Customer representative told me I should pay a false bill, so I can claim a refund later. Makes absolutely no sense at all. In any other sense, this is theft (demanding money for a service that you will not be providing)Also, access via the web front end hardly ever works (Safari). The chat function falls over frequently - the desire for feedback at the end of the chat also means that you cannot save the transcript. Access to information is difficult generally, for example nowhere can I find the date that I ported my number away to a new provider. The two years I was with them, the signal was also very patchy as well.Update 30/12- reduced to one star. They are now charging me a £5 late payment fee, even though I am out of contract with them!. in other words realising their mistake (charging me line rental for a period after my contract had ended) they have send me a revised final bill of £zero with a late payment fee of £5. Makes absolutely no sense whatsoever and really adds weight my accusation of this company being thieves (demanding money for a service that they are not providing, and then fining me a further £5 plus VAT, for not paying for a service that they are not providing). Honestly, you couldn't make this up.(and yes, I have spoken to your social media team. I have been messaging them for one hour, and so far have got as far as the basic questions)."
"I have an ongoing complaint with Vodafone that I still have not got resolved. Every person I speak to says that they are going to follow up and get this resolved for me but they never doComplaint reference 573844All I want to do is upgrade my wife's handset. That's it!In store can't do itOver the phone can't do itCan't do it onlineCan't do it in appIts taken well over 2 weeks and I'm loosing all patience now!!I have spoke to 4 different complaints handlers and each person promises me the world and never follow through with what they say they are going toFirst person didn't call me back and I was passed on to someone else. The notes they had on the system were a joke and had to explain the full situation again!Exactly the same thing happened a 2nd and 3rd time. Notes are horrific and takes me forever to explain the issue. All I want to do is upgrade my handset!There is an issue with my account and I understand things to wrong, I am a patient guy however this is beyond a jokeThe main thing frustrating me is the false promises. Advisors tell me they are going to do something and they never do! It's downright rude!! And quite frankly I'm sick of itLast advisor told me they expect this to be resolved by the weekend and they would call me back if it wasn't.It's now 1.52pm on Monday afternoon which to me is after the weekend!I have written an email to CEO max Taylor. I am hoping the email reaches him because I have had enoughIf a manager can see this and do something about it I suggest they do. I am giving it till the end of the week before I contact the ombudsman!The service is a joke"
"Vodafone internet broadband service is very unreliable. The service experiences network issues daily, at random times. Each event lasts ~3 min. This isn't enough time for the broadband service to ""catch"" the issue, and so they ignore it, saying that if they cannot spot it, they cannot report it. Previous recommendation I got from Vodafone under last negative review, was to contact the social media team. I did it today and they said it was a misunderstanding as they do not deal with such issues. Therefore, it's not only that the service is unreliable, and the technical help is bad, but also their own recommendations are misleading. It seems impossible to get connected with a competent member of their staff to have an issue addressed."
"I have been an AT&T customer for countless years. However, their customer service has declined to the worst level possible. Today I spent over two hours on the phone and was transferred 4 times. I was on hold over 1 1/2 and each time I was transferred, my hold time started over again. All I needed was to review my bill and options for decreasing my monthly bill. Once I did speak to a representative, they were poorly trained. The same person gave me different answers and finally I was so defeated, I just stopped asking questions. It was possibly the worst customer service I ever experienced! A very disappointed, long time customer!"
"Shame there isn’t a zero star. Appalling customer service. Issues never resolved. They don’t seem to take responsibility for hardware issues. Been on the phone 6 hours in the last month. Repeated steps from 4 different representatives and still no resolution. Communication is atrocious. Quote “If we find a problem we will call you. If all is working we will just leave it”. That would be ok but it has never worked. So every 5 days give them a call to repeat what we’ve already gone through. They have seen it with their own eyes through the video chat but still no resolution. Basic level support reading from a manual in front of them. Be careful who you choose, but I will be leaving due to “not providing a service”"
"A Deeply Disappointing Experience with T-Mobile’s Services.I had specifically requested to block both roaming and international calls on my account due to previous concerns about T-Mobile’s practices. After confirming multiple times with customer support that these services were blocked, I still received charges for roaming. When I called to resolve the issue, I spent an agonizing 47 minutes with a representative who ultimately informed me that the block hadn't been applied correctly to individual accounts. This level of negligence is completely unacceptable.T-Mobile’s support and service have proven to be unreliable and misleading. As a customer, I feel scammed by their inability to deliver on basic requests. This is by far the worst customer service experience I have encountered."
Horrible service they suck and don’t let u buy nothing they make my life hell and canceling my service as soon as possible because of there messed  up service
"Ordered apple warch ultra 2 and Apple iPhone 16 pro max with 1 tb in black titanium. Ordered it on 30th of September which suggested it would take 3-4 weeks. And i was okay with that. Now it has been over 5 weeks, still no updates. When you try to reach out to the team the answer remain the same that they have stock issue and they are just provider and it depends on the apple itself to deliver the stocks. My question is, if you have stock issues why you have made available those devices and states the timeline of the delivery? Why do you perform hard search on any individual with this level of confusions that you have within your company. Now you have performed hard search and it will stay on my file for next six months or more. And you will say just sorry if I cancel the order. This should not be like this. You realise the seriousness of these credit searches right?Guys anyone reading this, please stay away from these clowns, and do not go with positive comments, those are likely to be paid ones. One of the worst service provider. No transparency at all."
"I don’t want to sound like I'm exaggerating and writing with a lot of emotions after multiple times trying to get their support. I want to ensure that they have been by far the worst customer service I have experience with all the mobile service companies. If you look forward to have good customer service and have a company that ensures they improve on this, T-Mobile is not the one. Also depending on the area that you live the cell reception is very poor. I recommend to ensure that fits but the customer service is the worst of all companies. Hopefully they improve that soon and don’t keep losing their customers."
"I have two choices for internet where I live. The only other service is constantly broken, and does not provide even the 'guaranteed' 20Mb/s they promise. T-Mobile REFUSES TO HONOR any Affordable Connectivity Program (federal) discounts. They do not tell you this upfront, and they do not offer any other options. You cannot even lodge an official complaint with anyone. If you are disabled, and every dollar counts, DO NOT SWITCH TO T-Mobile. They DO NOT CARE ABOUT PEOPLE."
"Signed up for T-Mobile Home Internet about 6 months ago. I was promised a $200.00 gift card for switching from Spectrum. Guess what, NO gift card. I have talked to them on the phone, text and email. All with the same answer, it was approved but not sent. It's been 2 months now. No holding my breath."
I haaaate At&t! The greediest most money hungry cell phone company ever! The employee info is all over the place. I paid a $25 home internet bill a day late and was charged $35 which is ridiculous. I'll be finding a new service provider cuz I truly dislike At&t
I call unlock my phone but they're always try to push me to update and I said I don't want then they're try to delay and said my phone í have problems and can't unlock. There customers is bab and lie and want I pay for the next month
"I wish I could give them zero stars. My bill changes every month. They do NOT honor payment arrangements unless you talk to a human (don't try to use their automated for this, it will not save!).For over 18 months I asked them how I could lower my bill and was told I was paying the lowest possible, then one day when I asked, the guy was like, ""Sure, I can lower it $10 for you!"" So for 18 months, I was paying $10 more than I should have.I've already been a part of ONE class-action suit against this terrible, corrupt (IMO) company, so I know they are crooked. I'm leaving them and going to Consumer Cellular."
"We have spent 6 days without internet and get the same pathetic excuses.Our modem completely stopped working after a month of signing up and it took them countless days to deliver a new one.When it did arrive, the internet still didn't work.As with many other people on here, I spent a few hours on the phone to their Asian call centre who tried to be helpfuland in reality did nothing.After losing the will to live I asked to cancel and they had the nerve to say that there would be £80++ fees and we had to send this & that back.So, if anything goes wrong don't expect help,expect to be charged more.If you want to be exploited and give your money away then Vodafone is the company for you!"
Customer Service is the worst! We experience issues when trying to call out. Get a message that my phone is not registered to a network.  We have called multiple times. They have us make a few changes then restart phone and calls work until the next time I try to make a call. I shouldn't have to restart my phone every time I want to make a call or send a text. I called again yesterday and complained about the issue and why I pay so much money for such bad service. I was blatantly lied to by the rep. Was told the reason is because my payment is 5 days late. This issue has gone on for a lot longer than 5 days! Looking for new cell phone service now!
NEVER AGAIN WILL I BE A CUSTOMER OF TMOBILEHorrible experience. I have been a customer of TMobile for over 7 years with 4 open accounts and paid my bills on time. I have always had insurance to protect my phones and account. My phone broke on 12/24/24 and I went to the store. They said they could not do anything and go to the insurance. We called the insurance and they sent a new phone. I was on a call to transfer the information from the old phone to the new one for more than 3 hours and TMobile could not do it. They blamed the new phone and ordered a new one to be shipped to the store. They said it would take them about 15 minutes to transfer the information. I was just at the store and TMoblie put the wrong information on the phones and I could not get it transferred. I spent another 3 hours on the phone trying to figure out at the store and the only thing can do is order me another phone that will take another 4 days to arrive. I will be without a phone for more than a week and all TMobile wants to do is to give me a free cheap phone or to upgrade and pay more for a new phone.  The supervisor on the phone did nothing but blame the store or the first customer service representative and did not provide a solution. After 7 years I will bring my business elsewhere since TMobile does not care. It is all about the money to them!
"I learned a long ago that AT&T can't be trusted to give you a straight answer. Unfortunately, I relearned that lesson recently when I ordered their internet service.Their website said it was available at my home address but it turned out it's not (one agent told me it was - another told me it wasn't). It wasn't easy returning the device to AT&T - an agent told me I could return it either to any AT&T store or to any UPS.  The AT&T store I took it to said 'no, you have to return it to UPS'.  UPS took the return with no problems. This whole fiasco, from beginning to end, consumed about 6 hours of my time. Both my wait time to speak with an agent AND to receive a call back was 1-1/5 hours. Never, ever again!  This is yet a followup to my ongoing saga with AT&T:  They've done 2 incredibly more stupid things, causing me to spend an hour on a phone call with them and replying to another senseless email they sent.  The hour phone call was in response to a bill sent me for use of the internet device, which of course, I was never able to use.  The email I received and had to reply to was explaining I'd returned the device along with a photo of the UPS receipt show when and where.  Hopefully, this is THE END."
"Miserable, rude staff. 5 staff in the shop today all doing absolutely nothing but playing candy crush? Got passed onto a customer service phone number yet the guy on the phone said It could have been dealt with in store. Lazy. Unhelpful staff. Some real customer service training needs to be taken place in here and also maybe teach your staff how to smile? Terrible shop everytime we have come in - unfortunately it is our closest. Will be switching providers"
"So I thought they deserve another bad review. Spent 3 days last week being asked to change settings as I am still not getting the service I pay for. Needless to say nothing fixed it. There's no problem with our mast, they said. This arrived today Hello. Great news - we've fixed the problem with our mobile network in , which means everything should now be up and running again as normal. Sorry again for the disruption to your service, and thanks for your patience while we were getting things fixed. Still having trouble? Please get in touch with us free on 191 from a Vodafone mobile.Shame it still doesn't work. They know there service is rubbish because they won't even compensate me anymore or even take a complaint from me.Edit so tried Toby and X. I don't use anything else thanks for NO help whatsoever EE here I come."
INTERESTING TO NOTE THAT MOBILE DOES NOT CONSIDER NURSES AND DOCTORS ELIGIBLE FOR THERE FIRST RESPONDER PLAN ..VERY POOR AND SAD..
I have been a loyal customer for years. I called to have a line added to my account for my grandson. I was told there were system issues. I received the Service Agreement but not the signature page. I called back and agent was rude. Tried to convince me that I was called twice to follow up. I have NO messages from AT&T.
"The make promises and guarantees that they can't or know they can't.  The store salesman promise in home 5g internet.  They gave us the box.  when I set it up, there was no signal.I called and spoke to an actual service tech on the phone that told me the near by towers were not upgraded for the new 5g technology and there were no plans to in the future..."
"Very disappointed about the customer service we received in our local vodaphone store earlier this week ,As an individual who works in retail management and knows about good quality costumer service I was shocked at the way we were dealt with ,We were going into vodaphone as we needed some help with leaving the company because we’ve had nothing but bad service throughout our 7 years with them , when we explained our situation to the staff he just shrugged it off saying there’s nothing I can do , completely understand if this isn’t something you provide in store anymore however abit of help would’ve been nice to explain to us how we go about doing it , considering there were 5 staff members in the shop all sat there doing nothing I was shocked no one came forward and offered some advice on how to leave the contract however they were clearly to busy on their phonesI hope there is some training given to these staff members to understand basic customer service or even just taught how to smile at customers ,I am glad I’ve left my phone contract from here and I know I will not be the only one leaving after this :)"
"Signed up to Broadband 6 weeks ago and wish i had gone somewhere else. Running a billing scam. Direct debit set up with them but tgey failed to collect, their fault checked with bank. I became aware when they sent me a text saying i was in arrears .When i checked with bank , DD had only been set up by them on 30.9.24. Payment due date 23 9 24. They had not got it set up in time.When i called vodaphone they just lied and said my bank has blocked paymentI paid by card there and then after re confirming bank details. Next bill notification has bill jacked up by £5 for late payment.What a set of sxammers  . I have made complaint and want out of this contract bow with no penilties. They cant be trusted and i dont have time to deal with their misrakes or pay for them . Dont switch to these scammers , pick someone else."
"5G wireless for $50 sounds great, right? And guaranteed services! T-mobile wifi drops every time a fighter jet or plain flying over my house! Every day at random times their router would turn off and reboot constantly. After seeking T-mobile assistance for weeks they ""had no idea why their router"" kept messing up. Everyone from the services department kept saying how amazing the speed was???  Again the speed was not an issue. Not having an internet connection that they guaranteed was the problem. How is the router dropping off and on all day long when they had two 5G towers in front and back of our house? T-Mobile did NOT account for the most extensive Air Force Base, and their air runways are directly over us. Hello, the Air Force Fighter Jets have the equipment to block radio waves/5G! We never had a single person from T-Mobile help. Their guaranteed wifi was a lie. We paid them for months with their guarantees they could solve this issue; ⚠️ We Kept getting the runaround. I was distraught and never refunded anything even though I was guaranteed service🤬 Do NOT get their 5G!!!"
Just recently moved to vodafone for broadband. Agreed deal and price. But two.larger amounts now taken from account.  Not received  a welcome pack as promised. So no PIN number. I cannot get through to anyone without pin. Crazy. Tried two full days on chat. I can't answer security questions because none set up. Total waste of time. Day 3 still not  got anywhere.  They say they will send code to.my mobile. None comes. They probably got that wrong as well. Big mistake changing to them. Customer service doesn't  exist.
"I have had T-mobile for seven years and never had a problem other than the service sucks in a lot of areas. But now they have outsourced thier customer service to another country and they can't even help you, I am not even sure you can get someone in America any more , I will be switching to spectrum"
"I cancelled my broadband contract in October as I was moving out of a flat and wanted to use a different provider.Due to a problem on Vodafone's end it didn't cancel properly despite receiving confirmation of cancellation. I have continued to be charged as normal despite contacting their Helpdesk every month.Each time I get passed around departments and supervisors until someone promises it's definitely sorted now and I'll get a refund next month.I'm still being charged and I'm now told that they have to charge me again in January and then I'll have to come to them again and follow up myself so someone can sort the refund. So I've paid them nearly £200 extra for no reason and it's on me to chase them up because there's ""nothing they can do"".The people you talk to are actually trying to help, but the structure Vodafone has set up seems designed to make you frustrated in the hope you'll give up and pay them extra.Other providers have figured out how to make it simple for customers, Vodafone don't want to. I can bet they've made a huge amount of money from vulnerable people who are unable to track everything and end up just capitulating."
"Impossible to cancel the e-SIM, they make you wait for half an hour on the phone and they tell you I pass you the cancellation departement and you are back to the main menu. I was in the US on holiday and then went back to Europe and couldn't go to a shop to cancel it. From Europe I called the shop and they said I had to call customer service and never could resign from them. People, don't waste your money and time with such bastards!!! On the website impossible to cancel, on the app neither. To pay and for all other services they give info, but to cancel it no way. People, never give them your card number, nothing!!!!!!! They deserve to fail!"
Hurricane Helene victim here. ATT is NOT helping hurricane customers!
"My experience with AT&T has been extremely disappointing. My internet went down early Monday morning, and despite multiple calls to customer service, the earliest technician appointment I was given is on Friday. This prolonged outage has caused significant disruptions to my work. Additionally, communication from AT&T has been lacking, with no updates or proactive outreach to inform me of the status of the repair. I expected better service and support, especially considering the impact on my ability to work from home. AT&T needs to improve their response times and customer communication."
VODAFONE has gotta be the most useless 😤 phone company in Britain even worser than KCON! I wanted Broadband OPENREACH said my number couldn't be ported to VODAFONE! VODAFONE then got a CROMER 012635 number and tried to put that on HOLT EXCHANGE it didn't work and I got nothing as I've CEASED my mobile with them and I've now got everything with BT EE and I've saved myself a fortune! Don't waste your time with VODAFONE they are a PARASITE LIKE KCON so call BT and do as I did I've dumped VODAFONE and ill never use their 💩 service again!
"Been stuck with 6mbps download for over a year, asked repeatedly what's going on, why is it so slow, but I was always brushed off saying it's within expected range or something. just switched to a different provider and they told me on day 1 of installation that the line is damaged outside and that inside the house the signal is being split to multiple sockets and that's splitting the speed, in one day they found two seperate fults and im now on 15mbps download instead of 6 and waiting for the line to be replaced in a few weeks. And if that wasn't enough I told Vodafone I wanted to cancel in October not now Ive had to pay £22 for an additional month because whoever I spoke to couldn't be bothered actually doing her job and canceling my contract, now I've been told I have to pay £22 so in 22 days my final bill will be ready and they will refund the £22 i just payed ?? What a stupid system. The chat bot is utter rubbish disconyme after the ordeal of trying to sort all this out for over an hour and a half !! Will never use Vodafone again. TOTAL RUBBISH!!!!!!"
"Won't go into big story, this company is a money making scamming franchise. I know of a few law suits on them now. The bad thing is the fcc, the US government and others choose to ignore and let them do what they do. This is why we have bad things going on in this world today. Yes some folks are allowed free reign ,however Don't let a no one like me try to some illegal crap, I'll sit in jail until I rot. TMobile is a bunch of crooks and scammers. But their day is coming!!!!😁"
"I been with Tmobile for 21 years and now all of a sudden I'm having phone and billing issues,  I had the flip phone z4 or whatever an they said that I could trade it in for whatever phone I wanted,  I wanted the iPhone 15 of course they wouldn't have it until 3 months later so my ass got talked into the Samsung ultra 23. Had the phone now for a month and now it's a billing issue saying I couldn't trade the phone in due to I didn't pay the phone off,  a whole month, so the customer service representative saying I understand,  no the HELL YOU DON'T,  I wanted money taken off from buying a new phone. Tmobile SUCK ASS yes I'm mad"
"Vodaphone offered us an upgrade on our broadband on 18/12/2024. We were told this would be done on 19/12/2024, we were not informed that any issues would occur. We have not had internet since! After many phone calls and getting told different issues we still have no connection. We have now been told to wait another 48 hours even after being told this would guaranteed be sorted by yesterday and to not worry. So that’s Christmas with no broadband which means the presents we have got the children will not be able to be used, we will not be able to have music or watch any TV as this is all done through our broadband.I have been a loyal customer for years and I’m utterly disgusted that this is not being sorted and no one at vodaphone seems to care about this. Would not recommending vodaphone to anyone going forward."
we called in on the 27th and was informed we needed to call the loyality dept to make payment arrangments she gave us the number . called it right away and kept getting a message saying that number doesnt work in our area code. so the 28th i called again and spent another 1 1/2 hours on the phone with this guy and we made the payments arrangements for the 18th of september and 30 days later for the balance. he said the payment was approved and i didnt need to do anything else. we are good to go. i woke up this morning 9/4/24 and seen our cameras were offline and i looked at our equipment that uses hotspots and seen they were also all offline so i called my wifes phone and message comes up that we are suspended. after 30 minutes i get to the loyality dept and she says that the guy never finialized the payment arrangement that we put in place and was told it was approved and we no longer qualify to do payments. it is a holiday week we are already money short and now we dont have enough money to pay payroll i told her. she said nothing she can do and i started in on my rantt and the line went silent. they put us on hold and hung up on us.  we made the arrangments and they didnt follow thru with them and now we have to pay the price. wont beable to pay payroll this week. thanks at&t you are the best. we are going to see if we can get all of our lines opened up and see about swithcing to another company
Very expensive plus couldn’t provide full fibre. Gone elsewhere for half the price and 6 times faster speed.
"July 5, 2024 I was going to switch to Verizon. I had such poor service with them that I cancelled the request to port my number over and use their service. That's when my trouble ramped up with T Mobile. Ever since attempting to switch he can receive texts messages from me but I can't get text messages from my spouse. We can call each other. . He called his carrier and they said they show that I have no service.  I get text messages from others and received them from others with no issue. I talked to the T Mobile tech people who couldn't resolve the issue. They said they would call me back. They never did. This was mid July. I logged into my account and they have also now completely messed up my billing. They said I am passed due and I have not been passed due with them ever. All I did was change my payment method. I talked to someone else today 7/28/2024 and they said they would fix my bill but it still looks messed up to me as it still looks like I am passed due. If you don't charge my payment method how can you say I am passed due? They are also billing me money beyond my usual monthly payments and I don't know what for and it could not be explained to me. I have been with T Mobile for over 20 years and the whole reason I tried to switch in the first place is because I didn't want to wait in line for a phone for three hours. I want my bill corrected, I want my current payment method to be used to pay my bill, and I want my phone fixed. I would also like a free new phone after 20 years and all of this aggravation I deserve it."
The promotion I used was to trade in your old phone from another carrier and get the new phones with At&t for free.  I did just that I even had to jump through hoops to send in my old phones.  I am on my 6th bill and still paying for the new phones.  The excuse is they are still processing my return.  I wish I never switched over.  I am now paying  $350 a month for 3 phones and the service sucks as well.
Had T-Mobile Internet. Was unable to get unlimited even though on waiting list 4 times. When notified by app notification that it was tried to sign up but was declined. Found service with no data cap and returned router. First tried to charge me for damage but router was never moved in my possession. Then charged me for normal wear when they specifically say there is no extra charge for equipment. With data caps and them going back on their promises I cannot recommend their service at all. Stay away if you have any other options
Lucas his very amazing coustmer service I we’ll give him  100%I well came recommended to me Frends
"Been with them for 3 years.  Have been treated like trash.  I broke my phone, got a revvl 6x pro 5g which is junk.  Had it less than 12 hours went to get different phone which customer service told me I could do.  However, the store rep wanted me to reshelf it for $100.  Phone only cost 189 to 229.  No one informed me of reshelving fees.  So I am stuck with a phone no blue tooth for zoom calls which I have to have for doctors, disconnects calls, overheats, doesn't charge until after 4 hours, drops calls and the speaker doesn't work.  I get to keep this piece of crap for 2 years.  I submitted this section on April 9, 2024Here's a little update as of April 11, 2024. I was informed to stop calling customer service on this issue so they screwed me over on this phone they have no intention of calling me back and making it right please stay away from T-Mobile."
"I was a loyal customer for 14 years who ported my line last month.  Prior to porting, I called to ask if the fees would be prorated or would I be billed for a full month regardless of the date.  The young lady confirmed it would be prorated and a refund would be issued.  Not only was the fees not reimbursed, they were also trying to charge me additional fees.I asked to speak to a supervisor to explain my concerns and Mark, the supervisor, was not only unpleasant but rude.  He stated it was company ""standard"" rules to keep the entire payment regardless of the port date.  As I continued to explain what was communicated to me, he put me on mute and returned only to repeat ""company standard rules"" and to let me know his decision was final.I asked the name of rep who transferred me to which he replied he could not give out anyone's name nor could he refund any monies.Not only was he rude, he hung up in my face.This company cares NOTHING about people.  The service sucks and they will charge for every penny they can.STAY FAR AWAY FORM TMOBILE! THEY ARE NO GOOD"
Disappointed with customer service people logged into my ok apparently cos location might of picked up Enfield London miles away and Peterborough miles away and carnt locate money come out my account either
This is the worst company I have ever hadEvery time I want to talk to a customer service it takes forever and once I get through its the same old excuse as to why I have no service every afternoonWorks great in the morning but nothing once it hits 3 pm and onI will not be paying this company anymore moneySo if they turn me in to collections so be itI'm going to file a complaint with BBB and see what I can get doneI would not recommend this company to anyone
"After many years att.com is still struggling to try and maintain yahoo or sbcglobal emails. I so wish someone would buy them out. month after month, year after year we go days unable to access our emails all because att is not capable of keeping it going. They want to be a big league player but just cant keep up. It is so frustrating for the consumer when trying to get help, The tech's  want to run you through a series of process that would make the problem the users fault. Sadly this only frustrates us more because we know when we keep going through this, it's not us."
They’re not tried to make customer to satisfy!!! I told them tried to get back the device sent it to wrong address. I can never get it back from other company. That’s why I called t-mobile to help to do something for me but they don’t want to do anything with it. Their service is SUCKS!!!
"About a year ago I went to do a trade in for an iPhone 14 Pro. I traded in my Note 10 plus and got the trade in “promotion” of $850 and the credit would be applied monthly in the bills. They said that all was done and I got the phone. First month and credit didn’t show. So I went to back at the same store and they told me it would “take some time to show up”. OK, I wait another month and paid my bill again with no credit shown. So I went back to the store and they told me that customer service would have to investigate why. They then told me again to wait until customer service contacts them back. This time I waited 2 months and went back to the same store. They said they need more time. At this point I waited a year and I decided to investigate my self. I personally called customer service and they said they would investigate and see why the “credit” didn’t go thru. I then waited another 6 days I was told that the device was “damaged” when it arrived at the warehouse. How can it be “damaged” if in the store it was tested and seen by an associated. I don’t know if they are just trying to cover their tracks and get out of this problem but it was not handled well. I ended up giving up my almost brand new note  10 plus for free and paying full price for the iPhone."
"I’ve been experiencing nonstop issues with T-Mobile. I no longer have service with them, yet they continue to withdraw money from my account every month. When I request them to remove my credit card information from the account, they claim that I no longer have an account, so they cannot access it to remove the information. As a result, they just keep taking money from my account. This situation is absurd and unreasonable, and when I do manage to speak with a customer service representative, the issues persist."
"T-Mobile is not allowed to take and sell your personal information as a telephone service provider.  So T-Mobile invented T-Mobile Tuesdays (a “gift” lottery) to enable them to take and sell your personal data, and they created various means to force/trick you into signing up whether or not you want to.The trap that I fell into (and plainly am not the first) is that if one signs up for T-Mobile Home Internet service, the only way to configure the T-Mobile router/modem in one’s home (e.g., to choose a name and password for your WiFi) is to use a specific T-Mobile app on one’s phone, and one cannot sign into the T-Mobile app without signing up for T-Mobile Tuesdays.  The T-Mobile Tuesdays terms and conditions are a near complete surrender of all of your rights, specifically including the rights to your personal data including your location data.So, T-Mobile is selling an over-the-air carrier service (presumably under an FCC tariff) that is crippled at the user end unless the user agrees to an unbelievably onerous set of terms and conditions that, among other things, allows the disclosure of your personal information.If one thinks that I am kidding about how onerous the terms and conditions are, here are a few quotes (available online on the T-Mobile Tuesdays T&Cs page):“… this contract includes indemnities to the Sponsor from you, a limitation of your rights and remedies, binding arbitration of claims, waiver of class action claims and waiver to the right to trial by jury.”  For those not familiar, “indemnities” is where you agree to be responsible for the problems of T-Mobile Tuesdays – you have to take care of the billion-dollar corporation.“By entering the Sweepstakes, Participants unconditionally: […]  b. grant (and agree to confirm that grant in writing) Sponsor, the Prize Partner and each of their respective designees to use Prize Winner’s name, photograph, likeness, voice, biographical information, statements and address (city and state) for advertising and/or publicity purposes worldwide and in all forms of media now known or hereafter developed (including, but not limited to publishing the Prize Winner’s name on Sponsor’s and the Prize Partner’s Instagram and/or Facebook pages), in perpetuity, without further compensation, except in Tennessee and where prohibited by law; and c. agree that Participant’s wireless service provider may release any Participant’s phone number(s) to the Sponsor or its designees for use in contacting Participant and determining Participant’s eligibility to receive the prize.”“To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, by entering, each Participant (and guest, if applicable) and each of their agents, assignees, executors and successors agree to indemnify, defend, hold harmless and fully release and forever discharge each of the Released Parties and their respective shareholders from and against any and all liabilities, costs, claims, alleged claims, demands, duties, rights, agreements, promises, damages, injuries, losses, expenses, liens and debt actions of any kind, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, whether now known or unknown, unforeseen or foreseen, arising out of or in any way connected with, directly or indirectly, participation in the Sweepstakes, including without limitation, personal injury or death, loss of enjoyment, or other harm or loss of any nature whatsoever caused or contributed to by or arising out of participation in this Sweepstakes or resulting from acceptance, possession, quality, use or misuse of a prize. The Released Parties are not responsible for any additional expenses, omissions or delays resulting from any acts of any government or authority.”  Yep, you get to the pay the attorney fees for these big corporations to defend themselves against any wrongdoing, including a wrong done to you!But hey, at least then you can pick a WiFi name and password for your T-Mobile Home internet.  Congratulations!"
we been with them 12 yrs dont join them all types of bs...phones go down no discount....hulu app established before tmobile gave it to yu free added their code it wipe my whole app...and offerd me another free trial...They ass...stay away...yu will have a headache...if they dont have a attitude with yu they wont help...but they get on the phone as smartass... I'm pretty sure I'm done with this phone company customer service used to be helpful they offer you stuff and then take it away I have the screenshot proof it's time to find a new phone company T-Mobile's not it anymore
"The worst network provider ever. Switched to Vodafone 4 weeks ago, the line went down on Thursday and will not fix it until Tuesday which is unacceptable as I work from home!!!!! This company is a joke! Avoid ! Been with BT and Vergin and never had issues so switching back to Virgin or BT. Don't  use it."
Customer service is a total JokeThe 5G service is great but the app and support are embarrassing bad.
"If I could give a -5 star I would. This company has the worst customer service I have ever dealt with. Hung up on my call, didn't call back when the robot said they would. It took 2 days and a huge amount of wasted time. I have been a customer for 25 years. They misrepresented their products to me so we decided to go with another carrier. They have made it incredibly hard on me and my husband to transfer with a new number(we asked to keep our old numbers) because we are owners of a small company  & there are ALOT of business contacts not to mention personal contacts we have to sift through and make the change. AT&T would not. there is not one good reason for them to keep our old numbers. My number was also completely cleaned up, no robo calls, no spam!, and now I have to start all over! I recommend, first DO NOT go with AT&T at all! They are really much higher than most  all carriers. They are not user friendly at all. All the major carriers have sub carriers & they all use the same cell towers. Save yourself the money and down the road aggravation."
"I just ported in my number from t-mobile 7/27, to At&t. I was informed my bill was $46 dollars a month, with all my discounts, by two different agents. The date is now 8/30, and the charge for the bill that needs to be paid on 9/14 is $166. My activation fee was waived, I have an internet bundle, I have a union discount, and other fees were waived for porting in my number. I was warned not to switch to AT&T for this exact reason. But the experience so far since switching is worse than I was told. They have horrible network of communication between stores, customer service and information in there database. You will get a different answer every time you talk to some one new. AT&T, is easily the worst service provider I have ever had by far. And I have only had them a month. I will be switching back immediately!"
"Don't go to tmobile, they are liars and don't know what information they are advertising!  I had an account with ATT for 10+ years and I was getting charged over $400/month for tv, internet, and phone.  I went up to midtown plaza to tmobile when the store was there to switch my provider.  Gabby, the store manager, assisted me.  She told me I could switch over to t-mobile for a lot cheaper for all services and I could trade my ATT phones and they would be all paid off, in full.  I had two phones from ATT, an iphone and an android that I traded in.  No further instruction was given, they said they would take care of it, and received a confirmation email of the same!  4 months later, I am getting a bill from ATT that I owe for the phones that were switched over, over $1000.00!  I kept calling Gabby and she kept saying she would look into it.  After several months, now I am in collections and my credit that I worked so hard to get back up, is ruined.  Apparently, Gabby, keep in mind she is a manager, had the wrong information.  Because I was on a payment plan, the phones were not eligible for this program!  Shouldn't a manger know this?  After all the back and forth, and finally finding this out, btw, noone knew this info up front, I attempted to call Gabby again, but this time, no response.  Why?  Because she was wrong, made a mistake and she couldn't fix it.  First of all, if you are a manager, you should know the policy and how the programs work.  Then, when you made the mistake, you fix it one way or another!  It didn't matter to her, she made her money and I am in collections ruining my good credit!  This shouldn't be allowed.  I was a nurse and if I gave someone the wrong info, guess what, people could lose their lives.  Obviously not the same thing, but the main point is, is that if you have a job, you do it, you do it well, you do it right or you get fired or you are screwing someone else's finances or lives or what not.  DO NOT go to tmobile, they dont have the correct information or everyone isn't on the same page!  All they care about is making their profit.  This shouldn't be allowed.  There is NO excuse!!!! A manager like this does not deserve to be a manager!  I will be cancelling my account, they don't even care to lose a customer.  Oh well, maybe that's why the store that I originally went to closed, they SUCK.  Have all the information, paperwork, etc you need when you open account with anyone.  Because when you get screwed in the end, you better have your ducks in a row because they change up their story to cover their asses.  I know she will get this review and I hope her manager fires her for the crappy manager she is!"
"I ordered my broadband 3 weeks ago. Despite getting several messages confirming the installation today 7 January 2025, nobody pitched up. I was quite clear to the person signing me up that they would have to send an engineer to do the installation as there is a loose fibre wire lying here and not connected to anything. I took a days unpaid leave to make sure that I would be home to let them in and I have the router connected as much as I can according to their instructions but nobody turned up. I phoned in to Vodafone and I was told that they would have to get an engineer in, which I told them 3 weeks ago and they confirmed that, but the engineer would only be here in 10 days, so I lost today's pay and now they say I must take another day off and wait for the engineer to come. I subsequently cancelled the order and now it is up to me to return their hardware.  Why can these big companies not just do what they say. Back to the drawing board for me"
"Worst unhelpful customer service I've ever dealt with. They charged my card for 90 bucks when I never activated service. They don't know where my account is depending on who I talk to, sometimes they find it, some say they will refund my money but never do. This has been going on for months. I recently got home internet and they don't even know how to apply my acp benefit which I'm approved for and transfer me to other companies that have absolutely nothing to do with anything. Their website says they accept the acp benefit and I follow the steps to apply it on my online account yet it just logs me out and I cant do anything. It appears they only accept the acp benefit with metro and assurance wireless."
"Frustrating Experience with Vodafone BroadbandI have been a Vodafone broadband customer for less than a week, and my experience has been extremely disappointing. My internet frequently drops out, leaving me without Wi-Fi or broadband when I need it most.I have called customer support twice to address the issue, but instead of receiving help, I felt like I was being pushed to buy additional products, like a Wi-Fi booster, rather than having my current service fixed. Both representatives I spoke with seemed indifferent to my situation, which is particularly frustrating as I am disabled and vulnerable.Despite my requests for a technician to assess the problem, they refused to send anyone out. It’s incredibly disheartening to feel like my concerns are being dismissed.I hope others can find better support and service elsewhere, as my experience with Vodafone has been far from satisfactory.Vodafone totally refuse to help so now am pushed to seek alternative suppliersVodafone thanks for your reply again you have proofed yourself useless  and of no help again . I told you there is a fault on the line so instead of send 100 links why dont you send an engineer to diagnose"
Well I had to hook up a line just to see if I had service! Found out I did so after 5 days I switched from Verizon to AT&T and now they sent me a bill for 303 plus 139 and they will not help me figure out why or how to fix it!! It’s true what they say grass is not greener on the other side!! Customer service is horrible!! Service is mediocre at best!! I would highly recommend a different provider!! Wait times are insane
"It doesn't matter in which state you live, I have tried Vodafone in few countries, the signal is good, but customer support is the worse I have ever dealt with and unable to fix my issue. Honestly thinking to do a class action against them!"
I have spent 4 weeks changing the incorrect name on my account so that I could upgrade the phone. I have been with them for 25 years and have never missed a payment. I have now failed their credit check. Can't make it up.
"It seems that the three months free apple tv depends on whether you have used apple tv before. I received an apple tv dongle through the post and was told I would be provided an email link. After two online chats and a telephone call, I was finally sent a 'unique' link, which wasn't unique at all. It simply told me how to set up apple tv on the apple tv box. Apple do have promotions for new users to get 3 months free, but as soon as I set it up with my apple ID, I was immediately charged the monthly rate. Its frustrating. The broadband is OK at a reasonable price but this sort of thing leaves a sour taste. I appear to have wasted my time with the phone call and the online chats, and want others to know that some of these sweetener freebees are not necessarily what they seem."
"Stopped in a T Mobile store last week to inquire about current promotions that they had. I walked out with a deal that I couldn't say no to and they put it in writing. However a few hours later after talking with T Mobile Customer Service I found out that they performed a Bait and Switch tactic and was signed up for a plan all totally different and much more expensive then was agreed to and put in writing. They told me I was welcome to return the equipment back to the store. When I attempted to return it the next day, T Mobile told me that it is their policy to charge a restocking fee which was huge, over $100.00. I refused told them that I was going to keep their equipment until I receive a call from a higher up supervisor in the company but as of the date so far I never received a phone call after repeated attempts and I am still holding on to their equipment. Needless to say I will never do business with T Mobile ever again"
Company of scamers I have business accounts with those scam artist  they offerd me ipod internet and z flip they told me in promotion I don't need to pay for devices  I will pay in monthly payments  months later this new years  2023 2024 they called me from Philippines  they told me to pay for all devices  I talked to super vise I explained everything she when and listening to all conversations when I both those devices she told me I was right they was in promotion and she will take care of that  . Than after 2 hours all my lines was disconnected  .I couldn't talk to anyone in New years lost my customers .I paid by force for all devices  and changed to prepaid  today collections agency call to collect money for mobile  . I just don't get it I paid all devices still.they want to run my credit  . Advise don't sign up with those scams
"All I’m going to say is save your time save your stress save your energy and go with something, someone other than att lost $2000 worth of promotion discount and my iphone that I traded in. They said lost in mail or said I never sent it. Going with a prepaid small company would be 1000 times better. Horrible company. Get bough by someone else and fix yourself"
DO NOT BUY i brought a referbished phone from here had minor cosmetic damages (which i was ok with) but had a faulty camra meaning my camra does not work i took the phone back to them and they said i could send it in to be fixed but i need my phone for work and daily use or if i spent £80 they could fix it within a day since money is tight i decided to continue my life with no camra DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY PLEASE
"If I was able to leave a zero, I would! They are the worst all around."
"I was with Verizon for 22 years.When I saw the Ad. On tv about TMobil offer iPhone free for each line and their rates I called TMobil spoke to a sales representative (every thing was recorded by T Mobil) I told her I want to switch 5 lines from Verizon to T Mobil.She said we are eligeable for 5 iPhone 14 free.I told her I just want one iPhone 14Pro Max and one IPhone 14 Pro and I am not taking all iPhone 14 in that case TMobil saving lots of money but Insted 5 iPhone 14 free I want 1 iPhone 14 Pro Max free,and 1 iPhone 14 Pro free.I advised her to talk to her supervisor and if TMobil agrees to my deal I will switch.After 1/2 hours of explanation she agreed that I do not hand to pay any thing for iPhone 14 Pro Max and 7 $ a month for 24 months for I phone 14 pro.I agreed. Now T Mobil is keep charging money for both phone.I called T Mobil back many times but things are not redolved"
The most consumer unfriendly service.Just to be able to log in to my account I needed to contact customer service 5 times. Each time it took awful amount of time.Why is it so difficult for vodafone to do something that is automated by other providers?! Dreadful.
"Vodafone took all my data, cancelled my current provider, carried out a credit check and quite unjustifiably refused my application. My credit ratings vary from 578 to 979 from Equifax to Experian. The difference? I don't use a credit card or apply for credit. I appealed against Vodafone's decision providing financial details and background but was turned down again. First time in 86 years!! Or maybe it's my age!Vodafone Social Media responded to my comment, see below. Firstly. they cannot have known how I felt failing a credit check for the first time in my life at 86 years of age. Secondly, whoever wrote this ignored that I had already filed an ""appeal"" and been again rebuffed. What should I expect from another appeal - further indignity? If this is Vodafone's attitude I am happy that I was saved from any further exposure to their arrogance. I now know why Vodafone get so many negative comments for their customer service! I don't need them."
"Poor and pathetic services in Maidenhead area. Anyone living near maidenhead, don’t even think of getting the services.No internet at all and every time you call them they will say the maintenance work is going and there is no ETA for this.Absolutely gutted."
Worst company ever I never activated service and sent equipment back and never got a refund and talk to corporate this is embarrassing and shameful at this point I just want a refund I canceled everything ypu all should be fired for not doing your job and adjusting my billing this is wrong on so many levels
"I switched over to AT&T a bit over a year ago.Issue #1: I switched with the 'any device, any condition' to obtain the newest android phone for free.  I traded in six devices and received $0.00 credit and I have been stuck paying for all six new phones.Issue #2: I enrolled in the military discount Signature Program.  It was never applied.Post month response: It may take a few months for the old devices to process and have your account apply all rebates and offers.  (My fault for forgetting.)Time lapse 1 year: Need another phone.Informed the more lines, more the savings.  Informed billed would go from $270 to $210 with the extra line. Billed increased another $40.Issue #3.  Three attempts to the same store to add the military ""Signature Program"" to my account.  Provided military ID with driver's license that states ""Veteran"".  Store employee called and verified military status.  Received email 14 days later that 'proof of eligibility' was not received and removed the discount.  Three times personally done at the store with employees and on the phone with the head center and cannot get contract obligations from AT&T.Update called the AT&T service line at home and requested a call back.  I got a call back and no representative.MILITARY and everyone DO NOT USE AT&T! You will be swindled."
Please stay away from att. We've been with them for years and decided to do the phone upgrade. We'll they have a program that if you trade in old phones it will take off some from the new so we did 2 phones. We'll it been taking off for 1 phone but not the other. So when we seen it was not pulling the money off and did the math it about $300 so far that had not came off. We contacted them a d they seen the problem and tried to use everything they could to not credit my account. So we are getting a new provider. Fu k them and so now they say we see the issue but only can give $100 but not the $ 300. They can just send me my old phone that was in perfect shape back. Please stay away from these lieing thieves.
"They lie!!! Said they have the best coverage. I can stand if front of my TV to hot spot and it still doesn't work. They slow down your data so you have to buy better and more expenses phone. I'm switching back to Walmart or the dollar store phone. They worked every where and all the time. Walmart has better plans and they worked everywhere. T mobile you suck big time and your over charged for service. They're so petty that they charged me accounts.20 cents and they can't tell me what's it for. If you take .20 cents from every costumer that works be almost  allot of money that they stole from us. They are so bad that I'm will to hurt my credit just to cancel. I hate this company and the people are dumb in the store. I should charge y'all the$5 dollars for convenience fee just to put up with your dumb asses. So no I highly recommend not to use t mobile here in Ada, server sucks here."
"I don't see any use for the T-mobile store in the Westfield Oakridge Mall. The manager of the store - Eduardo has no powers and they don't honor anything that the T-mobile app online offers. All the sales folks have parroted 'only eligible if you upgrade your plans to 5gGoplus plan'. There was a time when they'd invite and go the distance to retain customer satisfaction but now with their domination in the market, all of them display 'arrogance' - the manager in particular. Is there a way to notify T-mobile upper management to reconsider either removing the manager or empowering the stores to honor online offer or remove the store completely?"
"The record-keeping is so screwed up, and when you call, they can not find your account or your phone or your pin. The problem is primarily when you want to cancel, not when you buy their phone or internet. Simply you can not cancel even if the equipment does not work within the 30-day grace period. If you do, they mess up your credit.  This is terrible. I hope nobody has to go through this."
If I could leave negative stars I definitely would att worst cellphone service ever have had phone two months and have had nothing but problems no service dropped calls terrible mobile data no help from customer service
The problem I have with this company is that they really really really don't want to talk to you. I need to talk to a human being when there's a problem and their menus are designed to avoid that at all costs. I will never do business with them again over this.
This company has gotten to be the most scandalous company I have ever seen they are liars and they are thieves and beware beware people don't do not do business with them unless it's prepaid and then even then I would be cautious!I went on their chat to see about possibly getting a data Sim only which would be about 10 bucks a month I signed up for it next thing you know they charge my account for $75 and they had five lines added on to this without my knowledge they dropped the letter out of my email so that I wouldn't be notified and they hid this from me for days finally one of the representatives actually said I'm going to tell you the truth you have five lines on your account! I went through hell and high water they didn't want to give me the money back the $75 they took out of my bank account they told me they would refund it for all the hassle they never did I had to shut everything down completely and now they're telling me I have to wait 45 days for my money back this is a scam people they're holding it so they can build interest off of it this is a feeding Lion Company who uses global employees you don't want to deal with global employees they're the worst! I am terminally ill with cancer and I don't have time for this and I've had to call two or three times a day every day since the 28th of September to try to get this stuff straightened out it's been nothing but a sheer nightmare I'm getting a lawyer and I'm also going to turn them into the Ada American Disability Association I'm a vulnerable adult and that is abuse and it's finest.
"I switch to t-mobile 4 phone line and 2 warless internet. the worse customer service they never respond, well yes but only if you a new customer after that no respond I was waiting on hold almost and hour in to different times big mistake to switch to T-mobile"
I have been with att over 20 years. I upped my internet to fiber 1000 about 2 years ago. Found out right before hurricane Beryl the the router I have doesn’t even handle fiber1000. So they have been charging me for 2 years for a service I couldn’t even use. When I call about this all the guy wanted to do was sell me a new phone or change my service to “save me money”. He harassed and badgered me until I agreed to a so called better plan which isn’t even close. To the plan I had when I realized this I called back to get my original plan only to find my old plan was a grandfathered plan they don’t offer anymore and it was too late. I am over att. When I finally get internet again I will find a new provider. And I will keep their equipment until make things right for the 2 years I paid for a service I didn’t receive!!
"Worst service incident. I shifted my home, they said they will suspend billing for unless transfer is completed.They charged my for the full period.There were modem/connectivity issues for which I said I want to quit the serviceI then said I would quit the service they again charged termination fees.Call service worst / entirely dishonest people"
"Incompetent helpBeginning Feb 12th I reported that my line was not receiving one time passwords (OTP) and could they add code or whatever was missing.  They never fixed it (I would have gone to another carrier but they had the best signal in the neighborhood. This OTP issue was reported to them about 20 times with their same nonsense and they put in a service ticket and nothing was wrong on their end, even went to T-M store who checked with service and no one can help.  On May 14 I chatted with Felicia who had the problem fixed since T-M set up the line incorrectly- I told them that on Feb 12th!I am updating due to the Sept 2024 experience. I received an email from them (T-M) saying my service was suspended for non-payment.  No line or messages were working- Since I was auto-pay, I checked my credit card and saw that I did pay T-M.  Called and the automated system immediately said did I want to pay and restore service. Assuming that the ""extra""  payment would be in my account and I could restore service quickly, I paid again.  Still no service.  Finally spoke to someone who could see that I paid twice.  Took them 24 hours to restore the line.  Messages were still blocked by T-M for 7 days!!! until they fully restored service.  They gave me a credit but I would have preferred to have service.  These issues should not be a surprise to the CEO if he is doing his job!"
"T-Mobile’s in-store customer service left me feeling frustrated and disappointed. I visited the store to replace my internet router, but the staff refused to help me, claiming that the router was defective and that replacing it would hurt their numbers. They told me I would have to go to corporate or mail it in and wait for it to be shipped. I explained that I needed internet right away and couldn’t be without it for several days, but they still refused to help. I have a business account with 12 lines, but they didn’t seem to care about my needs. The customer service specialist was rude and unhelpful, and I was left without internet for several days.I would not recommend this store to anyone. The in-store customer service is terrible, and the staff doesn’t seem to care about their customers’ needs. I plan to reach out to T-Mobile’s corporate team and management to file a complaint about this store and its poor customer service. I hope that T-Mobile will take steps to improve its in-store customer service so that other customers don’t have to go through the same frustrating experience that I did."
"Hello everyone, i feel very disappointed that T-Mobile start had a bad customer service.  Not like before when you call 611 you can get Customer on the phone quickly or Automictic said press number 1 call you back or number 2 stay on the line. But at this moment they change their policy and let you wait on the line average 45minutes to 3 hours wait time. I very disappointed and i will stop the T-Mobile services and my family. Will change different provider. This is today date May, 7 2024. Bad Services hope this messages will come to the damn Owner."
"Adoid Vodafone for broadband. I have broadband at my current house and wanted to move the service to the house we are moving into, however Vodafone could not offer the same service at the new house. They charged me a huge cancellation fee because they tie you into long unfair contracts. They need to stick to mobile phones and leave broadband to companies that know what they are doing and look after their customers."
"I don't know how they still have customers. AT&T allows their reps to lie to customers. Our bill was astronomically higher than what was promised. We were charged for a phone that was supposed to be free with trade ins. Even with proof of all of this, customer service did nothing.They are perfectly fine with lying, scamming and stealing to get that contract. On top of all of that, the service is a joke. All that money and the phone barely works.I wish I would have read the reviews before taking that leap. Don't make the same mistake. Stay far away."
"Att is the worst phone company ever they lie so much and get you to get Services through them so they can get Commission. They tell lies to get a service and when you look at your bill, it’s skyrocket it through the roof and then they don’t even wanna fix it and make excuses for the other teammates. Also Hurricane Helena knocked out a lot of their towers and the service has been no good ever since and they don’t even have any compassion about the situation and still want to charge you the same amount when they know that their services aren’t all the way back up. I would not recommend AT&T to anyone. Also I will be contacting the Better Business Bureau to follow complaint and let them know about the scamming that AT&T is doing save your money and go with a company that’s more observant of it."
"Just unbelievable, the amount of things that could go wrong just to sign up for broadband.Incorrect service line?? Declined credit check even though it went through at first.Long phone queue. Webpage is not mobile friendly.Just so many things went wrong."
After 4 years of service I had a suspension of service for a very small bill customer service was very rude and a matter of fact attitude and wouldn't even attempt to help me make payment arrangements after 4 years of service
Absolutely disgusting. Got an iPhone 5 which I changed my mind on. I returned it and now 4 months later they have sent my details to a debt collecting company saying I owe £40 for that phone . I’ve rang them so many times and each time they say I owe nothing. Why can’t they just sort this out. It’s the worse phone company ever. Would not recommend.
"went in to buy a wifi hotspot dongle. The lady set it up and made us sit there for half an hour saying something wasn’t right. after another half an hour of her doing nothing and staring at the screen without even clicking once, the shop was closing and we had to leave. what a wasted hour of my life. went into Three the next day and left with a hotspot dongle within 10 minutes. Vodafone service is just shocking, no manager in sight and clearly no idea what she was doing, as we sat in awkward silence for an entire hour. she even got the dongle out , scanned it, and then said it didn’t work. What a load of horse shit"
"I had to give one star but it isn’t deserved.  Very disappointing service toward a senior, disabled citizen on state aid in a Nursing Home. Owes him a refund. I spent close to 20 hrs over 3 months in the customer service loop in the Philippines trying to resolve the refund request for this person. After reiterating the story multiple times with agents and a supervisor I was assured (with confirmations) the refund would arrive. It Never came. Request began in August.  Was never able to get a US agent/supervisor on the line. I would never use T Mobile. This is elder financial abuse and fraud."
Wish I could give less than one star. Every month I have hundreds of extra dollars in fees on both home internet and phone bill. Not one single month have I ever paid what they said in the agreement.Att has to be the absolute worst customer service as I am on the phone with them at least once a month for the past year. Hands down the worst service I have ever received since day 1. I wish I could rate 0 stars.
"Still awaiting final bill and settlement from social media team, promised to be sorted 23 November.  Obviously, they tell you lies, just as their sales team in the shops and their phone operators. Do not have any dealings with this company, I have been messed around by them since July. The reply to this review is to contact thier social media team to sort it, I've tried that only to be fobbed of with "" sorry we will sort it by the 23rd November "", they haven't yet . Do they expect me to keep falling for thier lies and bad service."
Getting lied to by one of the workers to start with so now I am stuck in a two year contract with a useless provider I don't want to be with. I was charged over 304 pound because there staff cannot do there job properly.The phone they have provided I have had nothing but issues with. I hardly get any signal with this phone and they promised to do something about it but never did. They have an excuse for everything. All I wanted was the money I am owed because they have overcharged me but no I have to settle for a credit on an account I want to leave.Being brutally honest it is a piss poor company with even worse customers service.
I was thinking of switching to Vodafone broadband and got most of the way through the process of buying a plan but it said there was an issue with the basket and their website seemed slow. I tried using the chat to see what the issue was but got nowhere as the call centre were not helpful about the security questions. I have been a customer of their mobile phone service for decades. I will probably just stick with my current broadband provider because I don't need the stress.
"Worst promise, free phones end up they did not honor their contract so I am paying for the phones paying for the activation. They are a bunch of scumbags."
I switched to another provider. Same service quality and wifi for 1/2 the price.
These incompetent morons are the worst. I've deactivated by account due to unacceptable service and they keep sending me final notice bills even tho I've been to a kiosk 3 times to verify that i don't owe a thing!I want to strangle the morons behind this annoying bs.Tired of wasting my free time dealing with these morons!
"Absolutely disgraceful company.I’ve been a loyal customer for 10 years.Wound down my contracts and paid them off. Switched to another provider.September had a missed payment. Affected my credit score. Phoned up. Yes our mistake we will take it off. October again missed payment on my credit report. Phoned again. Again there fault. This time I’m told I over paid. We will take it off. It came off, thinking all good. (Even though my credit score had not been restored to it’s original score)Then this morning again a missed payment.There are no words. Avoid this company. Nothing but lies to get you off the phone.If only there was no stars to give."
"If i could give 0 stars i would.They blatantly lied to me regarding the package i was signing up for claiming that i would be on a fibre package and despite there being fibre lines in my area they have me on the old copper lines. Furthermore despite ""guaranteeing"" me speeds of 20mb i get 2mbs-3.5mbs at most which i reported on the first bill payment and asked to have it logged for the record. Then when a few months of poor speeds and still paying full bill passed i contacted them to have my contract ended since they lied repeatedly about my line and speeds.I was told i was a liar an that i never made a report of bad speeds in a roundabout way which i feel is more offensive than just saying it. I then made 3 subject access requests, the first was ignored blatantly, the second had the very conversation i requested missing as well as call recordings and other chat logs, the third was fulfilled and proved i was telling the truth. Despite this & the fact they accepted that they had wasted my time and acted disgustingly wretched by calling me a liar they still wont end my contract without me paying for services that havent been provided since billing is in advance & a contract end fee even though they have broke contractual obligations by not putting me on the fibre line like advertised & giving me 10% of the speeds guaranteed, however they're willing to offer me £10 credit as an apology but i still have to pay for services that wasn't given and a contact end fee.By far the most disgusting company i have ever had the displeasure of coming across, i STRONGLY suggest that anyone reading this avoids Vodafone at all cost, they're worse than every other Internet provider I've been with for speeds, customer service & lies.Should any evidence be needed to prove exactly what i have stated for vodafone not to have this comment removed claiming it's a false claim i have the chat logs and all relevant information & log numbers.Oh and don't believe the 5 star AI reviews that Vodafone themselves put up to boost their rating, its just another disgusting tactic they use to fool and lie to customers."
"If I could give them a 0 I would. Worst company every. First they lied to us when we started a plan with them. We were told that we were getting a phone for free which was a complete lie. Then when we switch back to Verizon they continued charging us for a plan that was canceled. They owe us over $500. We keep getting the run around from costumer service. I’m reporting them to BBB.Oh, and in addition to their company being completely horrible their cell service sucks too."
"Stay away from this Network.Awful customer service.I nearly lost my number while they trying to port and left me with no service for 2 days  and they confirmed i have good signal at my home address,but very bad signal.In 1 week  time i switched back to another network .I wasn’t even bothered the money i lost.If you need to speak to someone its take ages to connect.Awful Network."
Customer service is gone for good...I am with Vodafone since 2001 as a personal customer and also since 2015 as a business cutomer. The customer service currently is the worst that I experienced in all these years. I will move away once the contract finishes.
"My Experience with VodafoneI want to share my experience with Vodafone, a company that has caused me significant frustration, financial loss, and emotional distress. What started as a simple request to switch my mobile number turned into a nightmare of fraudulent practices, poor customer service, and unauthorized charges.On 25 November 2024, I contacted Vodafone to transfer my mobile number from my previous provider, EE, to their network. I provided the necessary PAC code and was assured that my number would be successfully transferred by the evening. However, later that day, my phone lost signal entirely, and my number was not switched as promised.When I contacted Vodafone to resolve the issue, I was shocked to be told that I had another contract associated with Carphone Warehouse. This was completely untrue—I have never had any connection with Carphone Warehouse. Despite my insistence that this was a mistake, Vodafone failed to resolve the problem.Instead of fixing the issue, Vodafone created a second contract in my name without my consent. This contract was unauthorized, fraudulent, and completely unnecessary. As a result, my service was disrupted for days, leaving me without access to my mobile number, which severely impacted my personal and professional life.The situation worsened when Vodafone deducted £39.67 from my bank account, far exceeding my agreed monthly contract payment of £17. This charge was unauthorized and a clear indication that Vodafone deliberately created this second contract to extract more money from me.Despite numerous calls and complaints to Vodafone, their responses were dismissive and inadequate. They initially offered me a compensation of £10, which was later increased to £245. However, this does not even begin to cover the financial harm, inconvenience, and emotional stress their actions have caused me.This entire ordeal has been nothing short of a nightmare. Vodafone’s actions, including creating an unauthorized contract, disconnecting my service, and withdrawing funds without my consent, are fraudulent and unethical. They have shown no accountability, no genuine effort to resolve the issue, and no respect for my rights as a customer.I have decided to take legal action against Vodafone to hold them accountable for their actions. This includes filing a claim in court to demand the immediate cancellation of the unauthorized contract, a full refund of all unauthorized charges, and compensation for the harm caused. Additionally, I plan to share my story publicly so that others are aware of Vodafone’s unethical practices.This experience has shown me that Vodafone cannot be trusted as a service provider. Their actions have caused me unnecessary stress, financial loss, and wasted time. I urge others to think carefully before choosing Vodafone, as no customer should have to go through what I have endured."
"I've been a AT&T customer for years.  When moving to an area where AT&T coverage is poor we changed carriers.  I cancelled my service in April of 2024, every month they continued to bill me.  Average call time on hold was an hour (one time 2 hours - I was being stubborn).  The bill in July was treated differently and AT&T claimed they'd never received my cancellation and had no record of previous conversations.  I guess the bill reversals was spontaneous kindness on their part?  When I called the final time it was clear it was a collection agency masking itself as AT&T.  There was extremely unprofessional behavior, shouting etc in the background.  I opted to pay the final bill which I did not owe because the constant calls were impacting my health.  I will never be an AT&T customer again and will ensure all my friends and family know they are criminals and are no longer the trusted corporation of the past."
"Left T-Mobile due to poor service and dead spots.  Went to local store where they told me I was paid in full.  Received a bill a week later AND a call from a collection company.  Fought this collection. Weeks later I receive a FINAL bill from T-Mobile.  I pay it.  Today I receive a REVISED FINAL bill for $107.00, finally with an explanation of charges. This is four months after I was told I was paid in full. Worst."
Absolutely the worst possible customer service I’ve ever experienced in my life. All I was trying to do was order a new iPhone lol and it seemed imposible.
Agents rule and hang up it was a man taking the call. Because I have been at AT&T since 2013 I have never had a phone cut off and tried to explain to them. when I had my surgery and was out of work 3month and tried to work the plan I had two situations going on. I don't appreciate it at all I keep your AT&T business going. From now on when I finish my device I will never get any more phones this time. I am move forwarding this AT&T company  !!! I get treated like terrible.
"Run AWAY from AT + T. Seriously. I was with T-Mobile for 10+ years. I adored them. The only reason I even entertained At+T is T Mobile had an ongoing tech issue to upgrade my iPhone for over a year (I left the country and came back and tried again). I STRESSED to AT+T how important my international service was. The rep in FL told me it would function no problem with roaming like Tmobile. WRONG. As soon as I left the country, I started getting notes about $12 DAILY Charges. What? I messaged At + T - they closed the ticket with NO REPLY. I called internationally and STAYED on hold for 45 min with NO answer. I received a bill for DOUBLE + NO credits from what they promised on promotions yet. I have now filed TWO BBB claims to REFUND all and implement again their ATT Passport (I researched and found out they STOPPED the monthly passport in 2024) WHAT? in our global economy? Their presidents office CALLED me (I am in Bali) repeatedly at 3 am (I saw missed calls in morning). They refused to answer my 5 questions via email or leave a professional voice mail DETAILING all on ensuring my phone is optimized. I have no choice when I travel but to keep my phone in Airplane mode unless connected in WIFI. This is worse than 2000. I filed a FTC suit as well. I found out they have multiple ones. As soon as I am back in USA I am running back to TMOBILE."
"Falsely reported a late payment on my credit file which had negative and lasting consequences today!Bill produced on 20/11/24, was due to be paid on 30/11/24 however, I PAID it on 22/11/24!!!!This has honestly caused me such negative consequences today and Vodafone customer service do not care.This is not the 1st, 2nd or 3rd problem I’ve had with them and only been with them 6 months!!!AVOID!! AVOID!!!! AVOID!!!!!!"
"When roaming in the Philippenes, Vodafone charge £7.39 per day if your PLAN started after 11.8.2021, but only £6 per day if it started before that date.I have been with Vodafone since 9.8.2021, i.e. before the cut-off date but, because I changed my PLAN in 2023, they insist on charging me £7.39 per day instead of £6 per day !Is this unfair or what ?Surely the relevant date ought to be when you JOINED them ?So much for brand loyalty !I shall therefore probably be leaving them when my current contract expires."
"After the two live chats I have had I am truly speechless and feel like I have lost the plot.I wanted to change my payment date and they could not have made it any more complicated, to then tell me after over 30 minutes That you can’t change your Billing date only your payment date to certain ones!Honestly, such a waste of time Not to mention at one point they want me to pay two bills in one month it seemed not clear at all and seems like there is definitely a lack of knowledge"
Run.......The worst customer service.  Two days trying to return a defective tablet.  Nothing but the run around and talked to some many people and a different story with each one!!!  i would NEVER EVER recommed them for tablets.
"TMobile is a scam company.  How do I know having never had an account with them?  They put a charge on my credit that I filed a fraud dispute over, but TMobile (And Transunion) refuse to examine the documents or give me the time of day.  I have 8 fraudulent bills in my file from TMobile, sent to MY house, meanwhile with the names of 7 other people on the bills.. My address.. another name.  I have sought to have Transunion consider these documents to no avail.  They are in cahoots one with the other."
"There is a reason why they don't ever document any conversations or the trade in value of the phone you just gave them.  I was told $1000 for the trade in value, then I sent in my phone, I never got the $1000, I got partial credit like $440, I called them a dozen times about this, each time I was told different BS or excuses, 6 months later I am still calling about the correct trade in value, this time they said my original promotion had expired at the time I sent in my phone.  I've had enough with them.  Every time (after at least 1 hour) of talking to them and getting them to agree it's $1000, I ask for an email or some kind of written documentation to say what they agreed on, they dodge this request and refuse to document this trade in value.  I've had at least 3 supervisors giving me their verbal ""personal guarantee"" that I will get my $1000 and 6 billing cycles later, I am still not getting it.  They really try to scam you in any way possible and hoping customers won't notice the little charges here and there, or hoping that we would just give up because no one has the tenacity of calling them over and over and spending tons of hours and mental stress dealing with them."
I cancelled my service and have been waiting on a refund for 4 months. Each time I call I have to start from begining.
I am disappointed in T-Mobile now. They charge $10 to pay a bill AND you have to agree to all the terms & conditions before you can use the app. So I am deleting the app since I don't agree to 3rd parties having my info. I will be switching from T-Mobile elsewhere. They also use 5G that's harmful to our bodies and children's bodies!
"I dealt with Kevin and Demetrious at the Monroe/Talmadge location in Toledo, OH.  My 16-year-old son signed up for a phone using the T-Mobile app without parental consent.  He did not lie about his age, even used his driver’s license and social security card.  Demetrious wouldn't even listen to me, instead immediately insinuated my son lied about his age, which bothered me and when I said I didn't want to pay the $70 restock fee, he said ""ok we're done here"" and slid the phone across the table.  I had not raised my voice and was nothing but respectful.Then I tried to tell him he didn't know what he was talking about because my son used his real age - and Demetrious started lecturing me on how he has a bachelor’s and master’s degree.  Demetrious then left the conversation, and for the whole time we were there waiting for them to cancel the line (after I paid the fee) Demetrious would not even look at me or acknowledge me.  I have no idea what T-Mobile is teaching their managers, but Demetrious immediately escalated the situation instead of de-escalating it.I also dealt with Kevin, whom I asked, ""have you ever heard the term 'the customer is always right?'""  He said, ""we both know that's not true.""  Wow.  I will never do business with T-Mobile anywhere, and the company should be ashamed of how their employees treat customers.  But hey, Demetrious has a master’s degree y'all.  He knows better than all of us."
AT&T is an absolute garbage company multi million dollar company and its service is garbage hundreds of s Signal towers all over the fück!ņg city and its service is still ass. It can’t play a simple video from the comfort of your home and will take five years to load. I’m pretty sure some cheap ass company like cricket or mint mobile has better service than AT&T. I’m so fed up with this garbage ass service.
Bought a plan for my elderly dad. It never even worked! I tried to cancel but the only way to do it was to travel to the nursing home where my dad was and have a pin sent. Even when calling on the phone! They accept nothing but a pin sent to the phone. They sent me to collections when you can clearly see the phone had never been used. AWFUL customer service
"This is the worst company i been with and encourage anyone not to do business with these guys , they charge you hidden fees and customer services is horrible they keep charging you for all kinds of fees."
AT and T customer call services have been awful. They promise one thing only to find out they are not able to fulfill an over the verbal promise. Their charges for returning the phone which was supposed to lower my monthly bill only to be charged 638.00 in separate charges within 3 days don't even know what once they recieved my card# - I have been with them for over 3 years .  They dropped the ball and can't believe they can do this and get away with it for now. Just awful !This is an update: I did leave AT and T and yesterday they refunded me the shipping fee of 130.00 they charged me.
Cannot manage my account on the website. Both the website and virtual assistant direct me to the app. I can’t get the app because our phones are on the US App Store. How can such a big company be so useless? I feel like I should have a right to access my account on the website since that’s where I opened it I should be able to cancel it there. Just trying to cancel my pay as you go autopay. Shouldn’t take hours to do that.
"Customer service non existent.You’ve got 02, Three or EE network. Order a phone from Vodaphone at your peril."
"I can’t believe this guy from T-Mobile have the nerve to ask me when I call back. Are you calling back to join back up with T-Mobile? I said are you out of your goddamn mind I closed down my account on October 5 and I went in the store, I said I would like to pay off everything I owe so I paid $233 on October 5 a month later I receive a bill for $312 and they said this is my final bill. I know what was the last bill that I paid they’re just making up a bunch of crap we get this. My phone still has a Sim lock so I just called up today. This is six months later and even though I paid that $312 they charged interest on it I’m telling you right now stay far away from T-Mobile. They are the crook and worst company you have ever been with in your life. My company and me. I am done with Verizon Print. I feel bad that Sprint went to T-Mobile cause Sprint was decent and T-Mobile destroyed T-Mobile you guys need to go to hell you’re crooked you’re dishonest your liars and you’re the f in  tallyban this company has bin laden written all over it"
WORSE COMPANY IN THE USA..........HOURA OF WAIT TO GET THROUGH AI ROBOTS ON A ROUND ROBIN TO GET A SIMPLE ANSWER. ABD ROBOTS THAT LIE ABOUT WAit TO SPEAK TOA HUMAN!
Will be leaving at every football season they block channels to hold their customers hostage because they want to raise the cost of programming done with their crap had them for over 10 years they don't care for their customers what so ever
"Horrendous experience with Fleet Complete. They lied about contract structure, saying no prepayment penalty if I paid for the device but then still included prepayment in contract if I ended it prior to 3 years. But 1 year in, devices stopped working. Very cheaply made. I tried cancelling, but they made me file a support ticket first. Support could not diagnose the issue, so I tried cancelling again. But I could not cancel with an open support ticket for some reason (likely just to prevent cancellations). Any time I call, I get transferred to different departments until I am eventually disconnected. I have spent hours and hours with support trying to cancel these devices because I hate still giving them money. We have work ipads on this account or else I would cancel the credit card. To this day, I have devices that I cannot cancel even though they haven't worked for years. Absolute thievery."
"DO NOT USE AT&T!!!!  I had just horrendous problems throughout my whole time with AT&T. From being sold phones that did not work to being charged for an entire month of service after the account was cancelled. The customer service is horrid if you can even get to talk to a real person. DO NOT USE AT&T!!!!!USE TMOBILE!!! I'm much happier now with out my outstanding service from them, especially a billing department that knows what its doing."
"I have worst experience with vodaphone. I bought a contract sim 3 months ago from the outlet in bullring near selfridge side from a girl. At the time of contract i asked from her after how long i would be eligible to get a phone on instalments. She misguided me and told me only after 3 moths you can get a new phone. I asked 3 times from her and she replied same. After 3 months i went there and now they are saying that after 6 months i will get phone. I told them about thae words of that girl and and they sais that girl was new. She might dont know about it.such an irresponsible behaviour. If the girl did not lie at that time, i would go somewhere else and get the contract with phone. Internet connectivity of vodaphone is hell. It all the time disconnecting. I am unable to call my mother back home.when i reported the issue, they said to buy a wifi connectionMeans seriously, how can they be so mean to just bind the people in contract and not providing the exact service for which they are paying for.worst experience. These people are scammers. Dont be in any contract with them."
"I recently switched to Att and I feel I was lied to. They say everything they want to hear to get you to switch and now I have to keep Att for 3 years or l'll need to pay off the phone we got supposedly for free. Reception is bad, they said no activation fees and I was charged $175, Be aware and ask questions and if you're happy with your current wireless company, please stay with them and AVOID Att at all cost. I also just learned that you have 14 day I think to cancel if you're not happy and I was never told that.I'm so upset and I can't wait for the 3 years to be over so l can cancel Att. Att sucks,"
Vodafone is the worst mobile phone company had to deal with. Cancelling contract to a different provider is not straight forward will never ever use Vodafone in the future. Changing my daughter's contract was a nightmare getting money out of you after changing to a different company. Vodafone don't deserve one star surprised the staff putting up with their stupid rules.
"We are one of the few areas left in the UK that can't get a phone signal in our house and rely on our landline so that our elderly relatives can get hold of us. Whilst we can go over to a fully digital system, should the wifi go down it means that our elderly relatives can't get hold of us. I had a heart attack several years ago and obviously would like to know that should I be unfortunate enough to suffer another that I can actually call for an ambulance. We also have a family member who suffers from an illness that strikes suddenly and means they are taken into hospital but then needs our support.Vodafone keep trying to upgrade us to the new system but cannot resolve the issues above. We have spent hours on the phone trying to sort things with them.Whilst we are on holiday we have received notification that they are going to upgrade us, even though we haven't requested it. We spent over an hour on the phone to them a few days ago but couldn't resolve things and another hour on the phone today (as we speak) we are just going round in circles with an operator who follows a set script and can't really help. We have been with Vodafone more years than I can remember but their telephone customer support is woeful and we are now looking to go to another provider."
Their service is always down and I've had then come out at least six times this year for the same issue.
Pack of lies by the specialist team trying to tell me that they cancelled my package and carried out a credit check because the order was submitted wrong but won't tell me what was wrong. Awaiting their final response before going to the financial ombudsman service!
"HORRIBLE COMPANY!!  We turned off the cellular data on our phones on a recent overseas trip and they still charged us for calls we didn't make.  Although we had been customers for over 20 years, they would not refund the charges. This is just one of many bad experiences we have had with AT&T. The customer service is HORRIBLE!!"
Bill went from $83 to $174
"I cancelled my service on June 6, 2023. I ended with a credit balance of $37.64. It is now September 24, 2023, and I have been trying all this time to get my money. My billing date is the 25th, so tomorrow they will issue me a FOURTH statement with a credit balance of $37.64. Is T-Mobile having money problems?"
"This company had a policy of NOT pro-rating a bill if service is canceled mid billing cycle. If you're just ONE DAY into a billing period and cancel your service, you're on the hook for an ENTIRE MONTHS service. Additionally, once ypu cancel service and port your number, your access to your online account is suspended. Not a huge deal, UNLESS, you want to print out past bills or see your usage for the past billing period. The only way to see past usage is to contact the company and request paper copies of current,  and/or past bills. Which will cost you FIVE DOLLARS PER COPY. Something the customer rep DOES NOT DISCLOSE when you request said copies. We will NEVER return to this company. On principle alone."
Service is trash and the representatives are useless will never use them again
All I have to say is SCAM ALERT.Don’t trust them they will SCAM you.Just read all their reviews. Everyone is saying they’ve been scammed and my wife and I have experienced ourselves. I would highly recommend leaving them and going to ATT. Same plan better service and at least you know you won’t be scammed
"Dreadful. I was sold a 150MB service that is slower than Plusnet standard. The router drops out all of the time, if you switch channels on the TV you are playing russian roulette with actually getting anything back. Just spent about half an hour on line with the service adviser, another waste of time.Of course to cancel they want a fee even though I am paying for a service that they said they could provide but do not appear to do so. They have drilled a load of holes in my house to fit equipment that does not work. It is that bad that I am going to pay the cancellation fee and go back to Plusnet, I should bill these clowns for the damage they have done to my property and bank balance. Avoid at all costs."
"I had broadband put into my new home 3 months ago but has very weak broadband strength, if I go any further than 15 feet away from the router it cuts out .Our ring doorbell is no more than ten feet away and it has trouble staying connected to the router , Iv rang them numerous times and they say it’s my fault as the router should be up above the tv so it transfers the signal better lol 😂Anyway I did this and it’s still the same .I asked if they could send me a new router and they have ignored me ever since"
"Worst insurance ever!!!!After having my Samsung galaxy flip4 having shut off when closed, I started a claim with ATT-Asurion they sent me a replacement cell, arrived and looked good I started the long and painful process of moving stuff over about halfway I restarted the phone and after opening and closing the phone the screen bubbled and cracked. I called and started the process of getting another replacement (they kindly said they were waiving the deductible; I was like I would hope so....) then the 2nd replacement arrived. that looked good and after opening and closing it a few times and the screen didn't crack I decided to go ahead and start to move stuff over, at this point I had stuff on the other two phones, important stuff like MS Authenticator and DUO. about 80% of the setup the new, new replacement said out of storage. they sent me a 128GB version instead of the 256GB one that the other cells were. and they won't ship another correct until I return the previous cells, now mind you that I have some of the MS Authenticator and Duo on both phones because after the screen cracked, I stopped so now I have it spread over the cells with issues, and they won't ship a 3rd so that I can set up all the Authenticators... Horrible Horrible, Horrible!!!!"
worst customer service ever. the guy on the other end of the phone is barely understandable. and all they do is dance around your issues with non-helpful questions and bs.
"I've been with T Mobile for YEARS! I wasn't even able to do a simple stupid trade in without having to pay money monthly because I was ""grandfathered in on an old plan"".TMobile?? GET A FREAKIN' GRIP!You heathens just LOST my service!I mean they've got the most STUPIDEST standards, rules, and stipulations I've ever heard of!I can get the EXACT phone from a different. Carrier for FREE, but only pay the service!Thank goodness for other competitors!"
"After 6 weeks of frustrating, fruitless calls to T-Mobile customer service I finally walked into the T-Mobile store in person -- after my third visit to the store, a rep was present who had my problem solved in about 15 minutes. I had spent approximately 15 hours over 6 weeks of calling T-Mobile customer service and spoke to so many different reps, supervisors, technical engineers, etc., and none of them could find a solution. Many of them promised to call me back with a solution, and none of them followed through on the promise, and many of them failed to even call me back at all. The DIGITS app was not working dependably--I was continually not receiving all texts. I used DIGITS for my business line and I wanted to keep my business number on my same phone. Why did it take so long for a T-Mobile rep to suggest adding a second line to my phone??? It seems like a simple answer. I wasted a lot of time before finally having my issue solved."
They changed billing to paperless without letting customers know. Now it costs $1.99 to get a detailed bill in the mail! That's absolutely insane.
Worse customer service I've ever experienced. When you need customer service they push you to self help like all of them. Submitted an unlock request phone completely paid off. Spoke with two different reps and both said it would take a week and they would call me back neither did. Call back in spoke with supervisor named Mary. She apologize and said it would be unlocked in 48 hrs. After 2 weeks I called back and spoke with  a Harrison. He stated he needed to reverify everything and wanted to know why I wanted my phone unlocked. I told him I already spoke with supervisor and was approved for unlock. He refused. I requested a call back f4om Mary or cancel the service. He immediately canceled my service. Horrible customer service. Never a warm transfer. Never read or I guess put notes on the account. Every rep will tell you something different. After signing up you're on your own.  Buyer beware!!!!!!
This happens to a lot of users so i had cancelled my membership with them and after that cancellation they had charge me two months after until i said something . This has happend to my partner aswell and they said that they didn’t know why it kept charging him money after he cancelled the contract with feb and charged him in march and April . Before going with Vodafone just be prepared for when they charge you after you cancel your contract with them.
"Our family had AT&T Wireless services, originally with five (5) lines, for almost thirty (30) years.  In September, AT&T applied an additional $20 per month charge for 5G services; which we did not have.  So, I advised AT&T we would be canceling our service with them.  Accordingly, last month, all AT&T Wireless services were cancelled.  Today, an AT&T bill arrived for the next month's service.  After 42 minutes on a phone call to AT&T Customer Care, and previously being told we would only be billed for a day or two of service, AT&T refused to reverse the next month's charges.  AT&T Customer Care said the cancellation was one day into a new billing cycle, and they have a ""No prorated service policy.""  $153.68 for one day of service.  WHAT A TOTAL RIP OFF!"
They send fake gift card and I have reported it to the police
"Whilst I would say Vodafone are the best broadband provider for problem-less internet, I upgraded to the 250 minimum megaband limit but broadband tests never go higher than in the 90s which for me is Vodafone not agreeing to their terms. So don't upgrade!EDIT Vodafone say ring them up but i tried that. Been through all that!"
"We started our service online then had to call customer service and they sent the phones through fed ex. From the time we received the phones they never got service. I could call 611 to get to customer if I was in one spot in a driveway. 2 days of being on phone with customer service they said we had to take the phones to a T-Mobile store 21 miles away to return them since our service wouldn't work in our area. We did that they charged our bank $4 and something and now 2 weeks later charged our bank $100 for a months service. We never even had service the two plus days we had the phones. I called and they put in a request to credit it back and she said the request is pending. Then I get a letter in the mail that our bill is over due for $100. I called my bank and they said they couldn't stop the payment but if they did it again I could stop payment on another and it would cost me $35. BEWARE of T-Mobile, never again if we move again will I try them or recommend them. It cost $140 to try them out and be without phone service for 3 days. One mad customer when we live in limited social security retirement.Update: they took another $15 out of our account, I guess $100 wasn’t good enough for 2 or 3 days of no service 😡"
"They can do whatever they want and get away with it because they have a monopoly on cell towers. That's also why they aren't incentivized to provide quality service to their customer. It's a horrible company and anytime that you have to contact them for any issue, it's like torture. Longest phone calls ever, most inept service ever and everything is ridiculously expensive."
"Representative MARTASHA from T-mobile lie to us so we could switch companies, she bribe us by telling us we will get new iPhones if we trade our phones, but that was a lie. We were considering switching to T-mobile, but every single representative we spoke to had lie to us and everyone said different information. We returned all the equipment they sent to us, and now they want to charge a restocking fee, even after having proof on writing what the representative offered was a lie just to get us to signed. They were so many hidden fees that doesn’t make sense, she said we will pay a certain amount a month, and ended up being wayyy more money that she told us. I should have listened to the reviews, this company has to be shut down!! What a nightmare they are."
"I am a disabled Veteran and have TMobile service for approximately 15 months.  Since my paydays are different every month, my payments are late sometimes.  As a result of this, they have consistently suspended my services every month for the past 6 months.  I have recently tried to get them to give me a couple extra days to make a payment and keep my service on, but they will not."
"T mobile service is 💯 Horrible in my location ,, they promised last 4 years no worry we will have your service back working ,, unstable connection means never completely connecting to internet thus sucking data non stop.... they changed my contract from 100 gb to 50 but tells me it was always 50gb....what a big lie..."
T-Mobile is terrible. You’re bill will never be the same and will definitely never go lower it’s always some bullcrao and talking to them is like talking to a wall
This is the worst service I've ever had my bill is so high they take money out of my account w/o me authorizing the payment then turn my service off and tell me I need 175$ more y'all can count y'all days I will be leaving at&t and leaving bad reviews every day.
"Scandalous customer service.Every time I call their customer service, you can guarantee I’ll be on the call for at least an hour !!!Very very poor service being passed from operator to operator and STILL not getting my issue dealt with.Issue was cancelling my contract.  Gave 30 days notice and STILL had to pay another 2 months worth of service.Was told to call back and claim refund.No chance. Have got more to do with my time than hanging on the phone for an eternity.Will NEVER use Vodafone again."
"I wouldn’t give it any stars if there was an option!I’ve been a customer since 2019. Initially the service was good now they became one of the worst companies in the UK.Their customer service is extremely poor, incompetent, very rude and reluctant to answer any questions.They are unable to understand the problem and they won’t help. They only keep repeating the same story over and over again without any sense.I’ve spent a significant amount of time on calls with Vodafone customer service without any conclusion. I’ve explained the problem repeatedly and followed all the suggested steps, despite the time and the energy I have invested in these calls the problem remain unresolved.Additionally, I’m paying for a service that doesn’t work, they just taking your money.I’m extremely disappointed with their terrible management, it’s a shame. One of the managers was supposed to call me for a problem I had and when they called they cut the call while I was talking.Ridiculous! If you are thinking to change to Vodafone don’t waste your time!"
The only reason I gave AT&T one star is because I made me they don't get any stars. The employees they have working for them don't know what they are doing and they can't even understand what you are saying. I swear I was talking to a 10 year old no a 10 year old would do better then the AT&T employees. I was on the phone for 2 hours the other day I asked the employees over 30 times to transfer me to a manger. Every time he would ask a question I asked for a manger. I can't wait to switch provider's I hate AT&T and i'm going to put up a bad review everyday to get the word out. AT&T is a scam don't set your account up on auto they will go in your account and take what they want when they want. And they when you want your money back they will take for ever to refund. Or they will keep you on hold for hours because they know people don't have time to hold for  2 hours about a refund. They took $222 on 9-12-24 and they weren't suppose to take it till 9-20-24 then they were suppose to refund but I never got the refund and they wanted me to pay again on 9-20-24. I think the employees do it because they have no idea what they are doing. They have a AI note the accounts so their job all they have to do is talk on the phone and the AI notes the account for them and they still can't do their job right. AT&T sucks run don't use their service for cell phones or internet unless you like finding out where you money went and spending hours on the phone because nobody knows what to do
"I wrote a review yesterday about Vodafone’s poor customer service. I received a reply asking me to contact them. The 2 websites given to me both said they didn’t exist and so I tried ringing the number I was given. This number didn’t recognise me or my number, said goodbye and hung up. It would seem Vodafone cannot even operate their own customer service when you act on their instructions"
"Worst experience ever, they promised me 800$ in credit in an offer, then told me I didn’t qualified so all they would give was 400$ for my trade in, now that I want to pay whatever is left on my phone after a year they’re telling me my trade in was worth only 80$ bucks and the 320$ they “gave me” was the promotion which I wouldn’t qualified if I paid my phone before my 2 years contract, what a bullsh!t, they basically got my phone for free, worst scammers ever"
"Awful customer service. Customer service reps don't know current promotions and are only able to follow a script. Hours of my life I won't get back, and several hundred dollars wasted, due to their lack of timely response or my frustration of having to waste additional hours with little likelihood of resolving my concerns. They then referenced fine print to charge me an additional month of service for five lines, when only one line was active for a single day...The horror stories about their customer service are true!!! Consumers beware!They have lost a reliable customer for life - no more T-Mobile for me."
"If could give no start, I would. The worst service, worst coverage. I would never come back to them, and wont' recommend anyone."
"On the 1st of January, I bought a Vodafone sim card for a mobile phone with 40GB pay as you go. The next day, I called them to get a refund of my £20 because the Internet connection was weak and constantly breaking. They told me that because of ""government works to improve something in my area, the Internet is weak to the end of January."" I asked for the manager but they never contacted me. Nobady else in Vodafone could find anything about ""government working in my area"" when l called them again on the 5th of January.Under the Consumer Protection Act of 2015, l should get back my money if the product doesn't work.The CEO and management of Vodafone seems to believe that my £20 is very important to the existence of the company.Meantime I tried SMARTY, which has very competitive offers, but sadly, their Internet had the same problem. SMARTY's friendly and professional customer service very quickly refunded my money."
The way T mobile handled my situation they do t even deserve the 1star!  When I initially ordered the phone I was happy with the amount I was going to spend on the iPhone 13 and the plan I chose.  When I got the email that it was shipped I checked the tracking immediately to see how long I would be without a phone.  When I saw the comments from ups it stated that they recieved and empty package and three away the box and was reporting the shipment damaged to t mobile.  I immediately called.  I was at work it was around 630 pm at 1am I was still on the phone trying to get another one.  They canceled my order and started a entire new contract.  It was never the same as the 1st.  I waited for the email to electronically sign I never got it then had to call again the next day.  When I called they said the second contract had been canceled due to no electronical signature how can I sign something I never got! So then a third cat contract with generated and it was never the same of course as a first one why I don't know but they were supposed to fix it did they no! So then I was in Hawaii when I got my bill and it was $400 and something dollars and I was on vacation I called they told me I had to send the phone back and that they had to send me another one why couldn't they just fix it with all the things that they can do nowadays and it's 2024 they just couldn'tType a few things on their computer and do it right or make it right no I had to send it from Hawaii back to T-Mobile and they sent me another one so here's my fourth contract still wasn't the same as the first one I had to call every single month after that to get my bill adjusted to the correct amount I was first promised every month finally on the 3rd or 4th month I said I am done I am done I'm tired of calling you all can't make this right I don't want to be a part of T-Mobile anymore so they took it back even though it had been more than the 30 days or whatever and that made me happy I was glad I was unhappy I had to send it back and start another phone deal but I was happy that they were taking this one back and I was getting away from T-Mobile and now they're saying I owe them over $100 induce for my bill but they kept my $116 that was supposed to be a refund and I have the emails and everything to prove it all I have conversations after conversations that they could all listen to but do they ever no they don't if are you I would stay far far away from T-Mobile because they're very unprofessional and they break their promises!   I can not believe they are one of the top sellers with the experience I had and am STILL having with T mobile!!! Horrible service
they are rubbish no signal in 2024 what a joke
I have been going through this with AT&t home service and my phone service at my home -NO SERVICE!  my landline it has been out since August of 2024 and today is January 19th 2025. When you call at & t keeps coming up with different excuses stating that it was restored but some customers are still not restored they refuse to send anyone out to your home to investigate. And on top of that they have the nerve to send you bills as if your service is still remaining I have no wireless service I have to spend more money to go do my job elsewhere I'm not being compensated about this I've contacted corporate who does not care this is a billion dollar company and if people are still in copper are you really trying to tell us in Los Angeles that you don't have the money to prevent this this is absurd I'm very disappointed and would like everyone to know do not become a new customer of AT&t because they don't care about their customers they'll give you a date and then they'll call you back if they call you back and push the date back and back and back and back and then you have to call to be recompensated for the money that you have on your books as a credit already because they're taking it as if I'm getting service do not use AT&t they're disgusting despicable in the world needs to know this. I still do not have service and this is 2025. No internet no wireless no home landline service AT&t you are a disaster! Living in the urban community perhaps that's the reason is it racism is it that they don't give a dang what is it are they trying to get us to buy a different brand to manipulate us with no service there's many questions but no answers all the copper has been stolen that's you know it's it's too many excuses we don't care about that at this point we want it restored or there should be a lawsuit in the near future!
"We have switched to Vodaphone Superfast Fibre. For some reason (CGNAT, IPv6 tunnelling and similar), this is blocked by Vodafone. The consequence is that we remotely cannot operate important apps remotely. The consequences are serious. Nobody seems to be able to help with this and Vodaphone are unresponsive. Not at all happy, should have stayed on copper wires with another provider. We now have to switch away. Wake up Vodaphone, get shot of those darn chatbots of yours and start sorting these issues. My advice to anyone is don't switch to Vodaphone as you'll waste your life being their beta testers."
"Offered free Amazon prime through rewards for 3 months but then charged me full price straight away,  so I cancelled my unused membership well within 14 days but have not been refunded, I will cancel with Vodafone as soon as I'm out of contract for this.Edit: I was charged full price  straight away  instead of the the supposed £1, the link I used was straight from  the vodafone rewards app if I didn't qualify for some reason  this should have been made crystal clear during the signing up process,  vodafone has got so expensive now it's the only reason I have stuck with them ,for the benefits,  it has put me off."
"Since they installed fibre(Jul23) I have so many problems with the connection even I have the contact for 910mb or something similar, I tested tonight and went up ti 150/m download/315upload, during the day when I have a call on teams with max 10 colleagues I always get frozen, I am loosing connection multiple times during the day, definitely this is not the right speed, I used to be happier with another company where I had the basic contract. I asked them to send an engineer to check they refused, I am very disappointed can’t wait to close this contract!!!!"
"Over expensive and unreliable service. Their stores only help if you are looking for a plan, once you are in, you are on your own. Very inefficient call center."
"I noticed I was being charged quite a lot for my Vodafone bill. I decided to check this out, and discovered I was still paying for my previous contract for the past year.I contacted Vodafone regarding this, and they explained that once the contract ends you move onto a rolling contract which I wasn’t notified about as all information was sent to my old phone number, which had been inactive since around the time my contract ended.The colleague I spoke to understood my point of view and tried to help me. I explained that I would be satisfied with even half of the money returned to me (around £350). He then told me he would cancel the contract and to ring back in 30 days to see if a reimbursement is possible.Fast forward 30 days, after a nearly 1 hour phone call I was told it still hadn’t been ended and I’d need to wait 7 - 10 working days (after already waiting 30.)Just after a week later; I followed up on a missed call from Vodafone. To my dismay, I was offered £50 compensation. This is offensive considering it’s not even 10% of the money that has been taken out of my bank for a phone I wasn’t using.Also, being a loyal customer to Vodafone it was disappointing to say the least. I’ve asked for this case to be escalated since the last person I spoke with didn’t do it. The customer service has been substandard and I am hesitant to bring a customer of Vodafone again.If a satisfactory resolution is met I’ll be happy to alter my review and stance on this company."
"It took over 3 attempts to cancel a pay as you go plus contract.Broadband - no micro filter sent, broadband now isn't setting up due to whatever reason and the service is SO SO painful. I was on webchat for 1 hour troublshootin, they called me at (8am) I missed it. Tried to call them back. No luck. Now on the webchat again and they're asking to troubleshoot ALL over again. Do you not have software to show the staff to read the most recent chat? It's probably linked if you can see a customer is contact daily right?"
Customer service is non existent and the staff are the most unhelpful I have ever come across.  Spoke to one advisor you assured me he would call back but unfortunately never did and also did not put any notes on account regarding discussions.  Phoned Vodafone again and I had to go through the whole process again.  Tried to make a complaint unfortunately was unable to.   Vodafone make it very difficult to upgrade!!!!
"AT&T internet has the worst customer services/call centered!!!When I moved to this new city, a sales rep knocked on the door and convinced me to sign up with AT&T, what was my nightmare started.First encounter was the monthly bill. I was told was $65 p/m, yet the bill was ~$70 some. I called and told I need to signed up with directly pay by credit card get the discount, I did.The following month however, the bill was higher the previous month. I called again; I was told there was an email sent to me by AT&T regarding the price increase... How could a multi-billion-dollar company jerks up price just like that? nonetheless, the call center guy suggested that If I chose a different plan, it would be cheaper but the same speed, I did.The next month, the bill was even higher but the virtual meetings were hanging. I called, I wanted to use the precious plan when I just signed up. I was told that if you use my bank account for directly pay and paperless, I would pay $15 less each month, I did.This month, my bill was $25 higher... I called for explanation. Again, someone from an overseas call center telling me that all discounts would apply after 1-2 billing cycle, which was the policy. This did not make sense from financial transaction perspective. I argued that the previous guy did not tell me this policy, asked the I was speaking to send me the policy, was told he did not have my email...It has been an on-going frustration with AT&T.Any suggestions for other internet providers?"
"Almost impossible to work with Vodafone and OpenreachStarted the process to get set up on Vodafone internet in the region now it is being offered alongside installation from openreach. It has now been 2 months since the initial installation date - 1 cancelled engineer apointment, 2 engineers meeting and 1 un-scheduled visit from the engineering team (that I was lucky to be home for) still no internet.It took 2 months for the internet to be not installed for them to raise an escalation to openreach and internally at vodafone after I wanted to complain.Here's the major problem, their complaints team also do nothing! There is no way to talk to openreach directly around the issues that they are facing on the installation of the internet, the agent who is ""assigned"" to my complaint just relays information from openreach.The past 3 calls I have had from vodafone around my complaint were to be told ""we will have to wait until 7 days from now until we know more"". I wait 7 days, and then the next phone call they give me is to give me exactly the same information. ""We're very sorry, nothing we can do, we have been told we have to wait until 7 days from now until we know more"".I feel like I'm going to be stuck in an endless loop with this service until the end of time.I asked for resolution and was told ""well you probably shouldn't go with another provider because you'll have to go through this all again"".Overall - ridiculous. I can't wait to get a message from vodafone about this review just to put me in to another complaint process that goes no where and they give me all empty promises.Honestly, the most frustrating experience I've had in my life for the least amount of money."
Absolutely awful!!! Upgraded to fibre and for 3 days had no internet at all - even when it was sorted the speeds were awful and far worse than I had before. The net keeps dropping out all the time making it very hard for me to work from home and its impossible for the kids to stream a film or play games due to the awful lag. The technical support leaves a lot to be desired and they and not very clued up and think a router reboot over and over again will solve the issue. The woman I first spoke to was very rude and spoke down to me like a child even stating that my microwave could be the cause of bad speeds - never heard anything so ridiculous in my life and she clearly needs some training on customer support and service!! Finally managed to speak to a team leader after stating I wanted to cancel who I admit was helpful but its still not sorted - my advice go elsewhere as worst service I have ever had and cant wait til my contract is up to cancel and go to a more reliable company.
"Bad coverage. My cell phone will ping with voicemail all the time and it never rang or I miss a call and voicemail shows up days later. Also, their spam notification is garbage. Anyone who uses their phone frequently; it labels their call as a spam caller. Their only measuring stick for whether it's a spam call or not is whether the person makes a lot of calls lol. 70% of them aren't."
What a complete joke of a company there turning into. Been with them for years with my internet and phone for all the family.Just had the joy of speeking to Joy Kimble who says he is a senior executive at the broadband activation team and after my 8th phone call that’s over a hour in length was at my wits end. He was absolutely no help in understanding what was going wrong and you just get passed from employee to employee with some trying to help but quite clearly not got the ability to help and some as above ( Joy ) who was just out right rude and took major offence when I said I was struggling to understand his English and could I possibly Speek to a better Speeking advisor.My contract was comeing to an end and I upgraded to pro 2 910 speed broadband the most expensive and best available. Everything going very smooth fully connected super quick then the switch my contact without my consent. They have all ready said this was there own doing and was a problem with there back offfice what ever that means. So I ask to put in a complaint as I have 8time what has been refused every time can’t even get to Speek to that department. Then they cut off my internet on Monday again without my consent and said yet again this was there error. This will not be sorted for 8 days with me sending all of the working equipment back to be sent the same equipment back again. Because the cancellation was placed I can’t put in a complaint about them cancellation and you can’t complain about a internet as I have not got working internet so have to wait for it to work to put in a complaint about it not working. Confusing is it trying sorting this mess out. Honestly if it all works good you will be fine but the customer service care is honestly the worst I have ever come across with a language barrier makeing it impossible for anyone fully understanding what is even going on.I have not working tv now as I streamI have had to take a day off work Monday as was to be working from homeI have spent over a working day on the phone without getting this all sorted outThis has really shown me just how much we depend on internet now and you would think with being a loyal customer you would be looked after but that’s just not the case. Very very alarming that your contract can be changed then cancelled without your consent and then there employees acting like you have cancelled this is your fault. I hope this is not a common problem but you would think a complaint’s manger would be straight on the case with this and sort it out asap. Think you can see from the number of 1 start reviews that if you have a good working system eta expect a good service if you have any problems at all be in for a big big shock as unfortunately the customer service after care has to be one of the worst for one of the biggest companies in the world. Hopefully this helps people who are looking to switch anything over to be well aware it could end up being a nightmare.
The worst company ever. They’ve blocked everything without reason. It’s says I haven’t paid the bill even though I paid on time and never missed any. The internet is not working most of the time. It’s scam
"Tried to switch services with T-Mobile, Service and signal from them on my phone was not good.. tried their service for 1 week They had one excuse after another not to give me a refund back of what they had charged me for, They somehow took a payment out of my account that prepay had been canceled from. They gave me a run around of probably two weeks different people then tried to charge me more than next month so they charged me $16.15 for a trial period of maybe 7 days Not a company company to deal with. all the way around they're not honest I spent 45 minutes on the phone with someone trying to straighten this out She acted like she knew what she was doing and was going to give me full credit back  Then by the time the conversation was ending her dollar amount changed!! Answer was, well we can only do this amount I do not recommend using their services. Too many different answers from too many people you have to go through  Please train your staff better, and be more knowledgeable before you put them out in a customer service field"
"Complaint: After seeing almost every other company offering plans for what i consider the same level of service for substantially less per month, i reached out to AT&T to see if there was anyway to lower my bill. I figured that with over 20 years of being a loyal customer they would be able to do something, however to my surprise they weren't willing to do anything so i cancelled my service and transferred to Verizon for over 100 dollars less per month. Upon transferring my service i made sure to pay my balance to $0 while i was in store to ensure i was paying whatever the current balances due were paid. Now, i get a call 2 months later saying i still owe almost $300, which is impossible because you can't cancel service AND i also transferred my 2 phone numbers to the new carrier. After speaking with a support manager Alex he kept telling me it was for a past due balance and didn't care to look at the facts (it's not possible to transfer a line or service altogether especially to a competitor if there is a balance due). Alex tried to say that the final payment was reversed to which i told him no it wasn't and would provide my bank statement as proof...then he said ""i'm sorry sir that must be a lie."" He didn't request for me to send it to AT&T to clear up the discrepancy, no, after 20 years with the company I'm now a liar because I won't let them extort me for another $300 dollars. If i hadn't transferred to a new provider i bet that bill wouldn't have mysteriously appeared. I'll also be filing a complaint with the attorney general as well as posting this exact review on every social media channel i can because this is a horrible company that everyone should stay away from!After being a customer of AT&T for over 20 years there is nothing good to say regarding this company. AT&T could care less about their customers and have made that blatantly clear to me."
"I switched from Verizon to T-Mobile.  In general, the service has been very good, however, I've encountered two major issues that are unacceptable.First, when I bought an iPhone and Android, I specified that I wanted insurance on both.  When I lost the Android, I contacted T-Mobile and was told that the iPhone was covered but the Android was not.  T-Mobile would not honor the commitment the local store made re. the Android being covered.At the time I purchased the two phones, the salesperson convinced me that I would benefit from having trackers.  I made it clear that I traveled extensively internationally, and would need to track my luggage internationally.  I've taken several trips trying to use the trackers but they did not work.  Today, T-Mobile stated that my trackers would work only domestically, and that only businesses could subscribe to the international service  So, I've been paying monthly charges for these trackers that do not work as advertised.I never encountered this type of misrepresentation from Verizon, and am seriously considering going back to them."
"Returned a watch. They kept charging on the line. when we caught on we had already payed for that line a total of $225. they denied it was returned. They refused refund and if the line gets cancelled, they will cancel the rebate and we would have to pay $93 remaining on the watch."
Vodaphone in the Aldershot town centre area is Terrible for connection. It’s taken 10 minutes of constantly interrupted connection just to post this simple review.
"we paid for 1 mounth prepaid service, but there no reception  in my house, only in the yard. 3 days later we wanted to get money back for 27 days but AT T keep our money. AT and T STOLE from us. Shame on you for stealing our money."
"T-Mobile used a bait and switch tactic to get me locked into their service. They talked me into trading two paid and unlocked iPhones for new iPhones 16s “at no cost” if I stayed with them. But they charged me anyway and claimed they made a mistake. As a senior citizen I filed a complaint with my states attorney general. Still, as of now, I’m on the hook for $1600. Run from this company"
"Further to the response to my earlier feedback, I can confirm that I have been liaising with Vodafone on X. However, it takes 20 minutes plus to get a response to the 'chat / DM' feature - which means it's far from user friendly.Example: ""Please explain the problem."" You do. 20 mins later a response.""Please confirm your tel number"" You do. 20 mins later a response.""Please can I have digit 1 and 4 from your security code"". You supply this. 20 mins later a response.Makes it challenging to have a coherent set of comms in any sensible timeframe."
I would advise everybody never ever go to Vodafone worst provider I’ve ever been with with home broadband no internet for 3 days was on the phone continuously and the customer service team kept hanging up on me so I decided to go somewhere else instead after 5 years of hell I’m feel like I’ve been released from prison
Went to the Germantown MD store to get help unlocking my phone to transfer to another carrier. They did nothing to help me except for me to go  to a site and put in unlock code which denied the unlock request.  The worker then walked away and started to change channels on a TV. I asked is that all? he said yes but didn't tell me anything. How rude to treat customers. That is one reason I decide to leave AT&T.  I just hope the manager does something about the poor customer service there.
"Rep's deception to obtain account.My husband and I wanted to add Blinq cameras to an empty rental property out of state. We called AT&T and inquired about their service since we already have internet, tv and mobile services at our home. The rep tried several times to upsell throughout the lengthy sales pitch. My husband continued to tell him the ONLY thing we wanted was basic internet until a renter took over the location. The property previously had an Xfinity box outside and I mentioned we should call them and others before deciding. The rep, from another country, disregarded his singular request and aggressively continued upselling tv, etc. In the end, my husband said that he needed the internet asap and could we just go to a local AT&T to pick up the box. The rep said it would need to be shipped and we were insistent that it needed to arrive the next day or we would hold off setting up the account and look elsewhere. There had been squatters and we needed the service asap, even if we had to pay a shipping fee. The rep said it would arrive in a 1 or 2 days and I (wife) said we would decline bc we needed it for security seeing we were returning home and wanted to oversee from a distance. He continued to talk with my husband and said he could get it there in 1 day. I overheard the statement and stated he'd just said it would take 1-2 days and that if he couldn't be certain it would arrive the next day, once again we would pass. The rep placed us on brief hold, then immediately returned to the phone stating that it would be 1 day as he'd gotten ""permission"" from his supervisor. All said and done, it didn't come the next day, nor the next, as we purposely waited hoping it would arrive and then headed home disappointed. It took 4 days and we had to reroute delivery to a UPS location.Upset at the blatant delivery lie, we called back to get further info on service and the rep who misrepresented the service. The new rep, another from outside the US, said that she couldn't see who took the order. She added that was standard for delivery to take 3-4 days and apologized that he said 1-2 days as he knew that wasn't the case. I wanted to include his first name or number here so AT&T could address it specifically as this level of service besmirches their brand.There seems to be no accountability anymore and frankly people just don't care. Well, I do, and standing behind your word is everything. Again, the level of professionalism and customer service is lacking and very disappointing. I will be looking to move my service, from the rental location and my personal home soon."
Had att service and it was great then I moved. I was canceled on twice to come and have a tech connect my internet. 3 weeks later and no internet and no appointment was rescheduled but there is a bill due on a service that has not been provided.
Our reviews don’t seem to matter but hear goes. It is a nightmare calling customer support. You can barely understand anything the customer service clerk is saying and on top of that nothing is never really settled. I moved and wanted my service stop at one address and started at my new one. It’s bad enough I had to wait three weeks to get an appointment for someone to come out and hook up my internet. Each time I checked they still had my old address as the service address.
"Don't get this WiFi if you're living in a rental property, the company has no sympathy for things that are completely out of your control.Our landlord sold our flat near Christmas, so we had to leave our flat and obviously cancel the WiFi due to this.I contacted Vodafone and was met by Rohit, he was good at cancelling the broadband but had absolutely 0 sympathy for my situation and just wanted to charge me a cancellation fee of £144.41 plus give a month's notice for internet I can't even use as I don't live at the flat.Company just wants money, don't care about anything else.. will never be using Vodafone again."
They overcharged me and charged me for items they told me I was getting for free then turned around and billed me for them. They are not are willing to help me
"Yet again I allowed myself to be fobbed off by Vodafone media services team, they promised my issues, which they admit is their fault would be sorted by the 9th December, guess what they're not. This company shouldn't be allowed to operate/trade  in the UK."
"I took out a Vodafone contract in January at £36 per month, which later increased to £38. While that was still a reasonable deal, everything went downhill after I missed one payment. Since then, Vodafone has been adding late fees every single month for the previous month, driving my bill up to over £42 per month.I tried reaching out through live chat and even on X (formerly Twitter), hoping to resolve the issue, but their customer service was unhelpful and uninterested in finding a solution. Instead of valuing a loyal customer, they seemed more content with losing one.Sadly, I’ve had no choice but to switch networks because the rising costs made the contract no longer worth it. A real shame, I expected better from such a large provider. I wouldn’t recommend Vodafone to anyone who values transparent billing and responsive customer service."
"This network is a joke. Traveled to Czech republic where data within the UK pack should be working. Vodafone sent me a message saying I have to purchase add-on for £9 to get 3gb of data. What a joke. Another issue, I topped up £10 to make an international call but it didn't work. Vodafone customer support told me I had to buy add-on for £7 to make that call (Montenegro - EU country). Excuse me? In addition, international SMS doesn't work. This is such a disgustingly greedy company I would never return to."
"We were quoted $30 a line. The first bill was over $1,000! We were on the phone for 6 hours trying to correct it. Finally it was corrected and we were sent an email, because we had to request it, of what our monthly bill should be. Seven months later we still are not billed correctly. It constantly shift from $500-$800. We then call and spend hours on the phone to get it to $450.00 were it belongs. This company should be out of business."
Abouslte horrible service and customer service. They will not help you with anything if you have issues. They are just plain greedy. Please choose Verizon wireless or T-Mobile.
"Business Broadband Nightmare...I'll try and keep this short as I could write an essay. My internet hasn't even been installed yet and I'm now wishing I could cancel, here's why:I ordered business broadband based on the decent reviews. Placed an order online and rang to confirm the connection to address is a new line rather than replacement. Was told this was an issue and would need to cancel my order...Spent over an hour on the phone whilst Vodafone amended the order....Following day I received an abrupt broken English phone call to say I had 3 orders in my name - the chap had put the order through 3 times! Vodafone then cancelled all 3 orders without trying to resolve it!!!!Following day... another phone call to say: 1 order was still live and was actually being processed... I said I would only keep the order if they can guarantee the installation date... I was given a date in 2 weeks time!Well that was a big fat lie because....BT popped round to check if I had a phone line...Vodafone then called to say my engineer wasn't coming on the pre-arranged date and it's tough luck and there's nothing they can do about it - Have a nice day!Nobody at Vodafone customer support can offer any help or information whatsoever. They haven't got a clue and are only the middle man as the broadband is supplier BT!It has been such a nightmare and I wish I stuck to BT or Sky.I urge you to do your research and not to believe all the positive reviews!Vodafone... I am sorry but you are USELESS! I just hope the broadband is better than the customer service."
"I recently had a highly troubling experience with T-Mobile that left me deeply dissatisfied. Somehow, someone managed to gain access to my account. It started with a call from a person impersonating a T-Mobile employee from the loyalty department. They knew all my personal details, including how long I've been with T-Mobile, how many lines I have, my exact monthly bill, and more. They promised me a discount on my bills and even deposited money into my T-Mobile account to appear legitimate.The impersonator offered me two free iPhone 15 1TB devices, but instead, I received iPhone 15s with only 500MB. They tracked the delivery and knew exactly when the phones would arrive. After realizing the mistake, they called to apologize and provided a return address to send the phones back. Everything happened so quickly that it felt like a whirlwind.When I reported the incident to T-Mobile, I expected them to take swift action to resolve the issue. Instead, they informed me that since the phones were delivered to my house and someone in my home signed for them, they are not responsible. Despite my detailed report, T-Mobile refuses to take accountability, leaving me to bear the cost of the phones.This experience has been incredibly frustrating and has shaken my trust in T-Mobile's security measures. Their lack of support in resolving this matter is deeply disappointing, and I am now stuck with a significant financial burden due to their inadequate handling of the situation."
"AVOID Att at all costs.  Service was abominable. Paid for 50 mbs, got 20.  Cell service unavailable in parts of So. Calif.  When I tried to cancel they made it extremely difficult and ended up charging $188 after I cancelled, threatening to use a collection agency if I didn’t pay.  ATT appears to be losing customers at an enormous rate, and from my experience for good reason."
Everything - particularly the call centre agents who don't appear able to understand basic issues/questions.
"T-Mobile will increase your bill after you sign a contract. Then they won't credit your account because their hands are tied. If you have any other options for phone service, use them first."
"I received a Galaxy Watch 4 and I received it on 3/13/24 and it stopped working on 3/14/24. I took the watch back to the T-mobile store and it would not connect to the wearable app. I sent the watch back per the Assurant service protection agent, I sent the watch back on 3/19/24 and T-mobile is giving me the run around on getting a replacement watch..  I talked to the T-mobile agent on 3/19/24 this agent said my watch was being processed. I spoke with an agent on 3/20/24 and she said my watch would be sent to me on 3/22/24 but when I called on 3/21/24 the agent stated that there was no watch being processed.  I have not received a tracking number or description of my new watch. I now have to put another down payment on the new watch and I can't get the watch until the damaged watch is returned to the warehouse. I really thought T-mobile was a better company than this."
Bill keeps going up every month for no apparent reason- same usage!Junk fees keeps getting tacked on and getting hold of customer service has become very difficult.Their customer support is in the Philippines and you get the runaround.The representative gives you a plan and minutes later he says he couldn’t do it
"I was with Tmobile for over 10 years, but it really went downhill. Poor customer service and price kept hiking every year. No quality service or benefits (upgrades, discounts, promotions) staying with them. I tried to keep my number, but they wouldn't let me when I switched carriers. All customer support people I talked too were from India or Philippines and they weren't that helpful."
"I noticed I was billed twice in MarchI jump on webchatThe agent stuffs around for 15 minsMakes me fill in a form with personal detailsI input my pin code, forms is submittedMinutes later he says pin is wrong but can still helpMore time passesThen he tells me he can’t help without the pin!!!Ffs - all these companies using useless shitty webchat companies as a fake assistance point need to go out of business. If u can’t give us customer service then stop pretendingWasted time and frustration is the only outcome from using crappy operatorsAnd to lead the customer on for 20 mins is disgraceful. Hope T-Mobile is happy with the fake stats of their agents and the alleged enquiries they handle! More like increasing the distrust and frustration of customers who need resolutionsI should not have to waste an hour to find out why you double billed"
"Vodafone Broadband - don't even think about it!All was brilliant until - Activation date. Engineer came on time at 8am, discussed my requirements, then told me nothing could happen by Open Reach for 2 to 3 weeks!! I now have a new date more than 4 weeks later but have no faith that they will turn up, complete the connection and activate the service. Meanwhile Virgin are now charging me some extortionate out of contract rate. I'm not holding my breath about promised compensation from Vodafone either."
I call customer service regarding why the Internet not working. Made me do all the steps to restart. While she is checking I advise since I had the Internet phone we have been unable to make outbound phone calls. This representative advise me it's because of the outage. OMG I knew I had someone on the phone that didn't know what she was talking about. I have had the service for awhile. I had to hung up. I call back and when I was told internet outage started at 6pm and will be by 8am. Well no fix and now it's 2pm to 3pm. I ask actually where was the outage because I wanted to see there were anyone out fixing the issue...no real answer. Now I personally believe there was no one out late last night fixing anything. I'm sure there are going to charge a full month of service to the bill...at&t SMDH
"I have the misfortune of having both my home broadband and mobile phone with Vodafone.Last Monday, 28th October 2024, I came home from work to find my WiFi wasn't working, so I went on and reported a fault- requesting an engineer to visit on Wednesday 30th. Said engineer decided not to bother showing up, incredibly frustrating since I'd taken time off work. That started a ridiculous chain of events featuring me contacting customer support and getting told a completely different story each time. First, on Wednesday, I was told that the supposed engineer had worked on the problem remotely and it would be fixed on Thursday. Then on Thursday I was told it was a network event and that it would be fixed latest on Friday.Then on Friday I was told that the engineer would need to come out to me and the earliest they could come would be Monday! That such blatant incompetence is allowed to exist is staggering to me. Additionally on Friday, I was at the office, but was told an advisor (Feddrik) would call me at 11.15 and could I head home. So I headed home only for this person not to call at all. I then contacted customer ""service"" back and was told to wait for a few hours and he would definitely call. I have better things to do than wait for him to call so I headed back to the office. He never called.Honestly, the contempt with which I've been treated is appalling and I honestly can't wait to take my business elsewhere.Well done Vodafone, you're so clever."
"AT&T's service has been disappointing for me. I've experienced frequent outages and slow internet speeds that have made it difficult to work from home. Customer support has been challenging to reach, and when I do get through, the solutions offered don't seem to resolve my issues. Overall, I expected better reliability and responsiveness based on their reputation, but my experience has not met those expectations."
This company's phone service is terrible. There customer service is shit. They lie to get you in. I canceled my service in August and I am here with another bill in November on hold. These people should be shut down. They are a bunch of theives
"I purchased a contract for Vodafone broadband on 11th September. Vodafone confirmed and scheduled for install the 23rd. Vodafone placed the order with CityFibre to come do the install. When CityFibre turned up they reported they had not installed the infrastructure necessary to connect my home. Despite my next door neighbour having fibre broadband with them, my home and a few others in the lane could not. CityFibre have said it will take until at least mid-November to rectify, and in the meantime cancelled the order with Vodafone. To make matters worse, I'm also a Vodafone/VOXI customer, and the house is a deadzone for coverage. I spoke to Vodafone reps to ask if they could re-activate DSL service, which my previous owner was a Vodafone customer for. Vodafone replied that it's their intent to stop any further DSL installations so they could ""upgrade all customers to fibre"". At this point, it's now a month on. I have no mobile coverage. No broadband. I've tried to contact Vodafone reps through their contact number, but it directs me to answerphone which hangs up on me every time. I contacted Vodafone UK on Twitter, and they directed me to the same phone number. I still have the Vodafone installation package, and I wonder if they're even bothered to come and collect it.When CityFibre do complete the install I will almost certainly contract broadband with another provider. Vodafone are dedicated to acquiring customers, but want nothing to do with actually ""servicing"" customers."
I bought 2 mobile phone's on contract. They offered me insurance which I can cancel within 14days. I managed to cancel the insurance but they blacklisted my 2nd phone without notifying me. When I decided to make use of my 2nd phone I was left with the inability to use the service or access the necessary support.
"I Hate ATTIt has taken more than two hours to get thru to customer service on multiple occasions.An ATT employee sold my password that led to locking down our bank account for a week while someone tried to hack our bank account. No compensation from ATT.Recently waited more than two days for service people to show up. Untrained and didn’t have command of the English language.  Rude. Had to wait for another person to show up.Went without Astros games for more than three months last year (the only reason we continue to have direct tv), no compensation and Now AGAIN!  $30 credit this month and have to call back next month if direct tv still fails to provide what we are paying for!  Are you kidding me?Last spring att laid new line in my neighborhood. Workers who also didn’t speak English buried blooming bluebonnets when the dirt could have been easily thrown on the other side of the hole and spared the flowers!Supervisor claimed a note was left on our door that the work was scheduled. Never happened.We were home when they started the work. They never showed enough respect for the people who planted those flowers or the taxes we pay for this property!  They could knocked on our damn door!Att has a Lot to Learn about CUSTOMER SERVICE."
"Worst customer service ever received. BT accidentally damaged the connection to my house. Spent a month trying to resolve, repeatedly being told to turn the router on and off and see if that works?!?!When i called to cancel, spent ages on the phone and had it completed. As with other feedback on here no cancellation was processed.Was told I’d be compensated for having no internet for a month. Guess what…..I don’t write reviews. The fact I’ve bothered here is a strong indication of why you should avoid any dealings with Vodaphone."
"T-Mobile customer service is a total fiasco! I moved away from T-Mobile when the company I work for introduced us to Previ. Previ still uses T-Mobile service but at a much discounted rate for corporations. During the transition I overpaid my final bill which was reflected in the last two statements. I tried the online chat feature of which they asked for my PIN to access my account. Of course they  said I had the wrong PIN# which is the PIN I had been using for years, and years as a T- mobile customer. I was told I would need to call the customer service line to get this resolved. After 30 minutes on hold I spoke to the rep and they told me I was out of luck if I didn't have the PIN. I was told I would need to drive to a T-mobile store and reset the PIN with picture ID, which I did. I then returned home and called customer service back with my new PIN in hopes of finally getting my overpayment back. Well it wasn't that easy, I was told to give the PIN and she said it was the wrong PIN.... LOL you cant make this up! She then told me I needed to call a different number which I repeated back to her because I had never heard of a number starting with 999! She assured me it was right but to call it tomorrow due to the long hold times. Well my intuition was right and she sent me to a non-existent number. I once again called the customer service line at which I spent another 20-30 minutes on hold, explained what had happened and my frustration with it taking me three days to get this resolved and still no help! So in total I was about 4 hours and having to drive to a store to reset a PIN that they said was wrong to get a 95.00 credit! This not the first time that I have experienced this with Tmobile. Shame on me for that but there will not be a third time! If the credit is not in my account in ten days I will camp on the store doorstep and have a conversation with every customer that is considering t-mobile!"
I don't know why I SWITCH ATT-THEY ARE SO BAD BAD BAD BAD WITH CUSTOMER SERVICES
"Thieves, liars, and manipulators. These folx will say ANYTHING to get you in the door and then steal from you. They lie about everything from costs to speeds to bill discounts. I’ve never dealt with a more f*cked up company and I e we’re with both Verizon and T-Mobile. Shameful service and horrible management that has no idea what they are doing. Absolutely disgusted and now left without any recourse to correct their mistakes. I hope this company takes a nosedive and gets shut down. Won’t happen, but would be great to see."
"fri pm switched to t-mobile, clerk said he could transfer my contacts and pictures,  did not happen.  went back mon to have them try again.  young female clerk could not make the transfer, or answer other questions on the cat s22. all she could say was she hates this phone. switched back to my other carrier.  lost $41.90 for nothing."
I now have the CEO's email and asked him to sort this experience of mine out! Awaiting a phone call tomorrow
You asked me to contact Tobi your chatbot. This is such an insult. I have waisted so much time trying to resolve my issue with your customer service team. I have made complaints that have been disregard. Now you want me to take it up with a chatbot who after going through stupid questions doesn't recognise my phone number because I am no longer with Vodafone. AVOID THIS COMPANY.
"Vodafone Social Media Team.. Absoule crap response from a crap company who DO NOT BOTHER TO HELP. Your comments on my review are pathetic. I have been on the phone to Vodafone, I have done BOTS, CHATS and still NO ONE WILL ACTAULLY SORT my isssue REFUND MY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.. I WANT someone to RING ME 7081510671 I am sick of wasting hours of my time ang not getting anything done.. DOES BEING A CUSTOMER ACTUALLY MEAN ANYTHIG TO YOU !!  I WANT YOU to deal with my issue... get an engineer to my house to sort out this issue and IF he cannotsort it I will leave to a decent company who can provide a good wifi , braodband service... wifi readings of 1.2mb ??? NO WONDER I cannot use this crap service .... months and months of me compplaining and YOU DO NOTHING"
Completely scammed me into a contract saying that I’d pay $80 a month now my bill is $150 a month and no way for me to get out of it other than to pay them more money to break the contract. This can’t be legal. They flat out lied about providing a service for a price then changed the price. Scamming company that should be sued til its doors close. Hate this company with a passion.
"BUYER BEWARE!! The location at Meadowood Mall in Reno, Nevada is a third-party contracted locale. And they have NO IDEA how T-Mobile works. We just left T-Mobile after 15 years as our carrier because of their incompetence, and due to every customer service rep, retail clerk, tech support, manager, heck, you name it, we've spoken with for the last year, who refused to repair the problem created by the creatures at this store. No one wanted to fix the clearly erroneous handling of our new phones and watches by the idiot who sold them to us. We were passed around, placated, and eventually they all went silent.Our little over $300 month bill jumped to almost $600, simply because the person didn't know how to input information, and no one would fix it afterward. We went to three (3) different T-Mobiles in our town, and nothing. Have spent hours on the phone with these cretins. Nothing. I even emailed a manager at the location on Keystone Avenue, AFTER he asked me to. (A little bit after he told me to, to be clear.) Still. Nothing.Stay away from T-mobile. They don't care about you, until you leave. Then you get a 'sad face' from the guy unlocking your phones, and 'why are you leaving?'. Um, read our notes. They are 10 times more lengthy and detailed than this review. Literally cried in two of their stores because of how we were treated. Go to Spectrum, Verizon, heck, get a burner phone. Do anything but business with these people. They want your money, and care less about your loyalty."
Worst customer service. Don’t waste your time & money if you have other providers choose them. They have hired worst people to give phone support. They will cut the call on you.Very disappointed.
It was horrible guy couldn’t understand me and I couldn’t understand him I got charged double my bill cause the auto pay messed up they refuse to fix it I’ll be switching carriers AT&T is trash
The worst boardband company the internet just stops all of a. Sudden then you cal up Customer service most of the time they don't no what's going on you have to repeat your self a 100 times and then they make you wait for 20min then again they ask what can I help with. Not acceptable behaviour from a big company like Vodafone
"I have a One Plus 8 phone that I bought from One Plus directly that is locked by T-Mobile. At the time, my carrier used T-Mobile lines so it wasn't a problem. After countless efforts to get T-Mobile to network unlock The phone, I was told that I would need to purchase a prepaid card from them so they could access the phone. Then after having it for about a month and a half, I called again to have it unlocked. Custom Service is clueless! Apparently they don't keep any records of previous phone calls and I have to go through the whole issue again just to have them tell me there's nothing they can do. Finally after at least three supervisor calls, I get one by the name of Alex who convinced me that he had taken care of the situation and my phone would be unlocked in 24-48 hours. He said I would get an email. It's now a week later and my phone is still locked, no email has come, and I am forced to call them again. This time I get Becky. Becky tells me there is no record of my phone calls with Alex or anyone. Funny she did give me a call reference number though. Becky tells me I have to do a factory reset to unlock it. I'm not seeing that this will work either. I will update if it does, but at this point, I have at least 15 hours of talk time to customer service in which ten of those were on hold. I still am not able to use my phone with my regular carrier. Don't ever get T-Mobile! They are terrible! They hire people that you can't understand and it doesn't matter because they don't know what they are doing anyway. I think I may have to complain to the FCC. T-Mobile has no right to keep my phone locked. Thanks for nothing Alex!"
"I lost the use of my data on Saturday 28 September. I contacted the helpline several times and tried various troubleshooting to no avail. I was told on Saturday afternoon by the helpline that the only way to get my data back was to disconnect and reconnect my service. I was told this should happen within a few minutes or at worst a few hours and this was the only way to fix my issue. Vodafone would work closely with me and contact me regularly to update me. this reassured me that everything would be OK. I was disconnected on Saturday afternoon so could not make any calls and had no data, Vodafone called on my landline at 5pm to say I would be reconnected soon but in any event they would call me back at 11am on the Sunday and it would all be sorted and they would be all over this.I went on the chat and called the helpline and I was told nothing could be done before Sunday pm as I had to wait 24 hours. I called the helpline again several times and more chat and was then told could be 48 hours and then could be 72 hours and then could be 5 days. In a panic I went to the Putney store on the Monday - paid for parking and waited 45 minutes to see someone. They said that I should not have been disconnected and if I had gone into the store they would have been able to fix my issue. They went on the SOS helpline to try to move my case forward as I still had no phone line and no data. I went home and tried again on the Tuesday with the helpline to no avail so went to the Putney store again. I was sent an esim to install on my phone so I did this and then had 2 phone lines - one of which worked and still no data. The Putney store sorted out the eSIM so I could make calls and had data. Vodafone complaints called on the Tuesday afternoon to say that although I had service and data my number was not attached to my account so I could not be billed and I when I contacted friends andand family it was not coming up as my number. Vodafone complaints said they would contact the technical team and come back 24 hours later between 3 and 5 pm the following day. I had no call from Vodafone compliants and then my case was moved to a second case handler and then a third. I was then told that my phone would need to be disconnected again and reconnected to fix the problem. I was told I would be called before any disconnection and updated.I left my house for a meeting and my phone was disconnected and service and data lost. I had to return back home. I was sent an eSIM to restart my phone. The eSIM did not work. I asked to speak to the technical team as thought I should delete the other eSIms there but I was told I was not allowed to speak to the technical team. Advice given was I needed a physical SIM so I should wait for one to arrive in the post or visit a store. I said I did not think this was correct and could I speak to a technical expert but this was refused. I could not face going on the helpline or chat again so drove 30 minutes in traffic to the Vodafone store, paid for parking and waited for 30 minutes to see a technician. They remove the old eSIMs and fixed my phone service and data without the need for a physical SIM in store. The advice was incorrect. I have been offered a £150 credit for all this incorrect advise and poor service and days of wasted time. I do not think the compensation is adequate but without spending more time on this there is nothing further to do. I wouldn't try Vodafone's chat or helpline. The stores seem better trained."
"Easily the worst customer service experience ever. By a mile. No contest. Just absolutely awful. Gross incompetence combined with a complete lack of accountability. Well done Vodafone, you are setting new standards.Changed 2 x mobile phones to Vodafone as well as home broadband and seem to have spent my entire time chasing them. Phones came later than expected. Broadband has taken 3 hours (so far) of chasing as the router and associated kit still hasn’t arrived yet Vodafone informed my old broadband provider that they would be taking over the line leaving us without broadband for an unspecified period of time with my wife trying to work from home.Now trying to work out a way to cancel both mobile phones, home broandband and all mobile phones at the company I run (all with Vodafone) as this has been such an awful experience.No one will put me through to a manager or a complaints department. Everyone keeps assuring me that everything will be fine when it is just a litany of failures.Awful, just utterly awful. Avoid like the plague. Come back EE, all is forgiven!!!!"
Staff was disrespectful and rudeI never seen this sort of behaviour customer service.
"One of the Worst Broadband ServicesI had one of the worst experiences with Vodafone while purchasing their broadband service. Initially, they offered a huge discount in the form of gift cards, which seemed appealing, but I later realized the issues hidden behind their service.After installation, I found that the WiFi range was insufficient for my home. I contacted Vodafone customer service, requesting a solution either to fix the issue or send me a WiFi booster (one or two, depending on the need). Instead of resolving the problem, they insisted I upgrade my contract to a more expensive plan to get a booster. All I asked for was a WiFi extender, not free broadband for life!The situation worsened when a customer advisor promised to call me back on December 26, 2024, to arrange a return. Not only did she fail to keep her promise, but she was also extremely unprofessional during the call. I could hear a house party in the background, with kids crying and noise throughout. If you can’t fulfill a promise, don’t mislead customers it adds unnecessary stress. Why couldn’t Vodafone use the voucher credit they offered as part of the promotion to send a WiFi extender or their so-called booster? It’s frustrating that they push customers to upgrade their contracts instead of using the existing credit to address basic service issues. This would have been a fair and logical solution, considering I only needed a simple device to fix the poor WiFi range not a costly new plan.”My biggest concern was the cooling-off period. If I didn’t return the equipment on time, I would have been stuck in their contract. Thankfully, I contacted Vodafone again around 5:30 PM (UK time) and spoke to a representative named Bumba. He was professional, helpful, and explained everything clearly. I truly appreciated his assistance and told him I’d leave a review to highlight the issues and commend his support.Now, Vodafone has sent me an email stating that I need to pay for a full month’s service, even though I only used it for six days and canceled well within the cooling-off period. According to the Consumer Rights Act, this charge seems completely unjustified."
"Open reach have been out to fit my mums Internet and did a lazy install now all the network is down no cctv nothing, because they removed all the patch cables from the switch then put a router at the far corner of a house with double thick stone walls so it has feck all reach he clearly dont have a clue what he was doing. That house has had over 100k spent on it innthe last 2 year and hes just ruined it now it means we will have to chissel chases into finished rooms pull up new flooring  then re plaster and re decorate all because the lazy so called 1hour course ""engineer"" couldn't be bothered to do it right. There is a proper desinated place where it needs to be like the old one was so it can feed 2 ports that run to managed switches it would have take him 10 mins extra tops, can this contract be cancelled the installer basically fobbed my mum off, oh and i want all the patch cables back please, he could see it has a professionally installed network which was done when the house had a full rewire a year ago, you have ruined what was a perfect home, Stop calling your installers engineers they are not even close to a engineer, you have caused problems the house has never had, get it sorted and move it to the correct position"
YOU would have to be really STUPID to use at&t service for anything. You are very likely to be scammed and or your identity stolen and you bank robbed of your money. VERY unreliable internet service. The phone service is lousy and a ripoff with the I-Phone. Makes me believe that their only striving for the phone gamers and stupid people for their service to survive.
"I cancelled my contract back in June via the online chat facility, which was a very lengthy process. My last and final payment was due for July. However Vodaphone continued to take payment in August and September. In October after realising this I cancelled my DD.Now all I get is threatening emails about an overdue account from an ""no-reply"" email.I have telephoned, explained the situation, also via the online chat, all Vodaphone want to do is keep you engaged with them for a very lengthy time and pass you from department to department.  I even emailed the CEO, but no response, and today I received another reminder to pay I debt I do not owe from again a ""no-reply"" email, again I gave emailed the CEO, but now the emails immediately get bounced back. This company is a complete joke"
"Dear Vodafone Customer Service Team,I am writing to formally express my dissatisfaction with the service I have received following my decision to switch to Vodafone for my internet and landline services.I signed up for your service after being assured of a smooth installation process. However, the experience has been anything but satisfactory. Here’s a summary of the issues I have faced:1.	Missed Installation Deadlines:•	An engineer was scheduled to install my services on 12th December but was unable to complete the task, citing a lack of proper equipment. I even provided a ladder to assist, but the installation was still not completed.•	I was informed the issue would be resolved the following week, but this promise was not kept.2.	Repeated Delays:•	Despite contacting your team again, I was assured the problem would be resolved within two days. However, I have now received a text message stating the new installation date is 2nd January.3.	Significant Financial Losses:•	As a business owner who relies on a card payment system, the lack of internet has resulted in a daily loss of approximately £250. This period includes some of the busiest days of the year for my business.Your repeated delays and broken promises have caused me not only financial loss but also reputational damage as I’ve had to turn customers away.What I Expect:•	Immediate prioritization of my installation before the new year, as further delays are unacceptable.•	Fair compensation for the financial losses I have incurred due to your failure to meet your obligations.If this issue is not resolved promptly, I will have no choice but to escalate my complaint to the Communications Ombudsman. I trust that Vodafone values its customers and will address this matter seriously.I look forward to your response within 2 worki"
"Big mistake, firstly it’s so expensive so you can get the same deals much cheaper even Vodafone contracts if you do it from different companies it’s much cheaper, secondly the service it’s so bad in Milton Keynes specially in mk central!!! even in London you in middle of something and you need to do a little research it will hinging no service or gust freezing it’s so frustrating also when you make phone call keeps losing connection. The WiFi it’s so bad as well. They don’t respect their customers and sending texts messages when they do maintenance somewhere. That’s why they trapped you in 2 years contract. It is a big mistake never renew it anymore west of the time and money highly unrecommended 👎🏻"
"Loyal customers get shit on once I've paid my device plan with this awful company I'm never using them again absolute jokers, avoid at all cost."
"1 star because 0 wasn't an option.  T-Mobile raised my rates so I decided to switch to another carrier.  They canceled my service but kept auto-billing me.  I was on the phone with customer service for hours, completely useless and unhelpful."
"I switched to T-Mobile (July 2024), and what a mistake.  I was sold on several promotions to include free Hulu.  I was told by the sales person that I could add to my Hulu subscription (after activation), additional subscriptions such as Disney and ESPN+, only later to find out that I can't add any additional subscriptions without giving up my free Hulu.  During the switch over to T-Mobile, one of the phones could not make cellular calls.  In speaking with Technical support they told me the phone had to be taken to a T-Mobile store.  We did, and they were able to get the phone working, but we were also told the fix could have been done over the phone with Technical support.  Further, my first bill did not include any of the discounts associated with my service plan.  Buyer beware.  If I had it to do over again I would never had made the switch to T-Mobile."
I have to join in with the others.  ATT lies to get you under a contract and doesn't abide by what they conned you in to.  I'm wondering if Channel 4 News or any local news company would like a good story.
"It's impossible to deal with AT&T! After 3 hours of calling, going to website, talking to representatives, I still couldn't pay my monthly bill. Why? Because they suddenly don't recognize my password that I ve been using for years! Also they don't recognize my pin, which I ve been using for years. In order to change my pin they ask for my password and visa versa. It's a vicious cycle. Reps are NOT HELPFUL WHATSOEVER!I have to go to AT&T store, try to solve this problem. If they won't help me, I am switching to another service!"
"UTTERLY UTTERLY UTTERLY useless company. Totay cluless, no empathy, complete lack of knowledge. DO NOT EVER USE THIS COMPANY THEY ARE THE LOWEST OF THE LOW !!"
"STILL HAVENT BEEN TOLD A REASON THEY CANCELLED MY DEAL AND THEY CARRIED OUT A HARD SEARCH ON MY FILE DESPITE I HAD THE BEST CREDIT RATING!Huzefa in there complaints team has said they cancelled my deal but won't tell me why. Messaged the Facebook messenger as told to and nothing rectifiedSigned up via Uswitch to their broadband deal, however the price on Uswitch didn't match the price on Vodafones site. I raised a complaint and had Huzefa deal with it who was quite frankly incompetent, said he's cancelled my broadband because they couldn't honour the deal and to sign up to another deal?! Unprofessional and glad it was cancelled now. Will let every customer know each day until they tell me why they handled my case the way they did!"
"Previously, I was prepaid only, as I didn't see the use of spending 60-90 for phone service. I needed internet, and options were limited in my area. They offered me $40 for my phone and $40 for internet. This was a lie. My bill is $120, not $80, with all of the additional fees. On top of this, I brought a perfectly unlocked phone to them, and they had the audacity to lock my phone and refuse to unlock it when I wanted to go elsewhere. Had I known they would do this, I would of never gone with them to begin with. I will be going right back to my prepaid service and use someone else for internet. These companies think they can do whatever they want to you. What right do you have to lock a phone that isn't your's? It was fully paid off. We as consumers need to stand up or continue to be controlled by these big corporations. We let them do anything to us.."
"I wish there was a negative star for this broadband company. They are totally pressurising to sell and install a broadband in my property. I have written to them, I have called them on the phone numerous times. I have also been to the local shop to cancel my installation on 20th December, 2024. They are are very difficult and earless company to deal with. I have spent few hours on their website to convince them that: I DO NOT NEED A VODAFONE BROADBAND INSTALLED IN MY PROPERTY. But still sent me a letter yesterday saying that they will come to install the broadband in my property. I am just getting sick and tired of this company. Please some one help me to get through to these people, and cancel my installation. They do not listen - In my language it is called a pressurising sale, which was illegal in the UK. I do not know what else to write. I do not wish to have a vodafone broadband installed in my property. Thank You!Thanks for your reply, but unfortunately I do not use or deal anything on the facebook - facebook should be called an open book..."
Business account terror line of credit stolen after going online to purchase devices for my new business account was asked to provide ID and business info and was approved for $5000 for business credit and when I was asked to pay the sales tax swiped my card for $358 the store Rep had to call customer service and verify my bank account over the phone with BOA business. Once completed the rep on the phone stated he would complete the transaction and send a digital receipt to my email. He told the store rep to wait a few mins. for it to go active when she logged back in it showed I only had a $1500 business credit and he closed the first account and created a new one now the devices I was already approved for I can no longer get because my credit limit has decreased and after 3 weeks of talking to any and everyone no one seems to be able to get my business credit back on top of that 20 days later I received a bill for 6 phone lines with no devices and 3 different account open in my business name so a total of 9 lines no devices but I’m being billed customer service sucks and they will hang up when you try to get to the bottom of things.
"THE WORST COMPANY ON EARTH!  I have been a business customer with 5 lines from AT&T for over 20 years. In the last several years I have been over charged numerous times with very suspect charges. They changed my plan on me without telling me and my bill was much larger. I have spent countless hours on the phone attempting with AT&T trying to resolve these issues. When I say countless I mea 6 hours + in one day. No one has time for that!  They are MASTERS of the transfer, meaning they will claim they can't help you and transfer you to the next person. My most recent bill had sneaky charges for services I NEVER received. They are an extremely deceptive company!  I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND them to anyone! Unless you love being completely frustrated and wasting hours of your life and getting no answers- STAY FAR FAR AWAY FROM AT&TI happily moved to T-MOBILE and they have been great. It cost me money to move but it has totally been worth it.  Good Luck."
"Absolute worst service and customer service I've ever received. They lie and steal. Never, ever use ATT. They lied to me about the service I would be able to get, messed up connecting my new devices. Customer service lines were absolutely dreadful. No one stateside to speak to and everyone else either couldn't understand me or I couldn't understand them. They wouldn't accept my proof of CNA to get discount. When I finally had enough a couple days in I was forced to call tmobile and get my service back with them. Still dealt with issues with ATT . I sent them back their phones and they tried to steal them and charge me $2200 for phones I gave them back. Called to resolve that issue and found they literally had my phones there in the warehouse that I had sent back to them but yet they still charged me?! Overdraft my account and I had to lock my bank account because they charged me all this 2 months after I had returned the phones. They offered no compensation, no fix for all my time wasted and all the lies. Just told me the charge would be reversed. Disgusting practices. Absolutely criminal. Do not use ATT"
"I hate this company. I was not explained when I traded in my phone that I was agreeing to being stuck with the company for 24 months. The chat and phone agents are constantly giving misinformation. They have not been able to send me a copy of my contract they keep sending me a link that takes me to my profile dashboard. Their website sucks and their mobile app is even worse. A chat agent promised me that my phone was going to get unlocked in 72 hrs if I paid $142.94 because that is all that I owed on my device. 72 hrs later I called and they tell me the agent lied to me. They are applying a trade in promotion in 24 months for a trade in device they ALREADY RECEIVED! I am not sending them pieces of my trade in each month for 24 months. On top of that if I want out of the company they are asking me to pay over $400 dollars when I have already given them my previous device and got a credit for almost $800, I have been paying installments for many months and last Saturday a chat agent told me all I had to do was pay $142.94 if you all of that up it is $1001 for a phone that’s worth $1000 but because I want to leave the company because I hate it and I am unhappy they want to charge over $400 as punishment but they call it “promotion” for a device they already received. They shouldn’t force me to stay with them if I don’t want to. They also can’t give me a better price and I have been asking for months. I hate Tmobile and I will make sure I let every single person I talk to know about the horrible experience, how toxic they are forcing me to stay with them when I don’t want to, how much they’ve lied to me, how bad their website and mobile app is and how they want to steal money from me when I already paid my device in full. Even car loans allow you to pay your loan early. Tmobile would rather have a million unhappy customers against their will than let people leave the company without hating them. I HATE TMOBILE!"
"If I could give a -1 rating to AT&T Store 4405 West Wendover Avenue in Greensboro,NC 27407, I would. Beyond terrible. Rude. Not willing to assist. Yanibel was the representative. I will make it my mission to spread the word to anyone I can to not go with AT&T or to leave AT&T."
I put in £40 for unlimited data package but the can't supply it now they have my money and I am going too be taking them to small claims court to get my money back they are worst phone company I have ever seen I was told to give it 24hrs for the plan to take the money and still nothing
"I just got mobile service and continue to drop calls. My internet box never worked. My phone was hacked first month and I had 4 gran taken out of my bank acct. Viruses, they nickel and dine u, only want to help u if u buying something."
"AT & T (and I bundled TV and Internet with them for many years), about every two years would have a ""promotion"" and at the end of the two year promotion, I would have to negotiate with them because they would raise their prices up higher.  I was paying $205 a month, and now they want $253 a month or $572 additionally for a year!  Used to be a customer could talk and negotiate with a American Supervisor, NOT anymore, now you have to talk to a foreign representative who will NOT reduce your bill and the 2 year set promotions are apparently over with.  I am going to another cable and internet provider because AT& T, is toooooo greedy and now tooooooo foreign!  So they will LOSE $2460 a year by refusing to lower their bills, even for retired people on fixed incomes.  All AT & T is now, is a despicable and greedy Company!"
"When I send emails from my cell phone, sometimes with their service, it shows they went through, but people never received them.   Also, if you are ever going into a physical store, you can’t believe anything that comes out of one of their sales reps mouth.  They have a general idea about things, but no clue as to how things actually work; as was the case when I signed up for their free Wi-Fi on domestic flights and free Netflix plan. Everything the rep told me was completely wrong. That, of course, could impact your buying decision when you’re being given misleading information."
I am going to burn all T mobile locations down in the Chicagoland area before end of 2024
If I could give a 0 I would for Att Bussness department they have been dragging there feet with getting my number all the way to a cell phone for over a month and have been pulling me around like a rag doll dealing with there business department is not worth it if you need a business like just put a second like on your customer account I strongly suggest staying away from there business department also dong expect to get fiber even if you have a fiber optic terminal pole in your yard from Att becausei still haven’t got it even tho I have had a pole ac fiber lines for over a year ran
Either go to a store or select another provider - Vodafone's online servicer is impenetrable...
my at&t is not working at all.
"Until today Vodafone would be getting 5 stars from me. I have been a customer for over 15 years and have never once had a complaint about the service.Today however they have sent me a threatening email after I upgraded my broadband telling me that if I don't return some wireless dongle that I never asked for - and which never worked as they didn't send me a SIM for it. Vodafone are threatening to charge me unless I return this useless bit of plastic to them... In a box with its leaflets... 2 years after it was originally sent to me.Their contract terms are absolutely clear that they cannot demand return of equipment beyond the 14 day contract cooling off period:""3.7 Equipment. We will supply the Vodafone Home Broadband and Phone equipment to you. You can use your own router to receive the Vodafone Home Broadband and Phone Services but you must: (i) ensure it is compatible; and (ii) use your Vodafone router in order to display speed information on the Vodafone Broadband app. If you are a Vodafone Fibre to the Home Broadband customer (previously known as Vodafone Gigafast Broadband): (a) speed information will not be available on the Vodafone Broadband app; and (b) you will need to use the Vodafone router in order to use the phone services. You must not connect equipment to our network that may harm it, or anyone else's equipment or services. If the Vodafone Home Broadband and Phone Services are terminated (by you or us) prior to activation or during the 'cooling off period' (see 7.3(a) below) or due to any unavailability issue, you must return all equipment which you have received under your Agreement. Failure to return any equipment when requested to do so may result in charges in line with our Returns Policy7.2. Return of Equipment. If the Home Broadband and Phone Services are terminated by you or us prior to your service activation date or within 14 days of your service activation date then you must return any Vodafone Home Broadband and Phone equipment to us within 30 days of cancellation. If you do not return the equipment within 30 days or if it is damaged when you do return it, you will be charged a reasonable fee as set out in the Price Guide. We'll advise you on how to return any equipment on cancellation.""I have now wasted 2 hours on webchat and phone trying to get to the bottom of this and frankly I expect better."
"Cancelled the broadband order as I have absolutely no faith in both Vodafone & Openreach actually doing their jobs. Customer service is useless, they do not listen to the customer, just run down their list of standard responses/checks. Would not recommend."
"My daughter got a phone on payments plus unlimited phone service, 1st month phone bill was $211, 2nd month $86, now in her 3rd month it’s $113, why is this not consistent pricing? They told her the first month would be a little over a $100 well it was 211, her phone bill plus phone payment is supposed to run $86 a month total, not $113 like this month.. Very inconsistent and I would definitely not recommend.. I’m not sure if it’s a problem with all att stores or just the one in Berea Kentucky.. Not pleased, fixing to return phone and go with different carrier"
They are the most dishonest and cheating company ever. They lie about product and service. Tell you the truth straight talk is better and cheaper. The way the economy is They will try to cheat you no one needs that. So before you do don't. Don't believe them. If so I'm sorry for your lost of money.
"I recently switched from T-Mobile to Att a few days ago.  I had no idea att customer service was the worst experience I’ve ever had or I would have never switched.  I accidentally ordered the 256GB iPhone 16 but I wanted the 1TB iPhone 16.  I have called att for days, the customer service either can’t find my account, can’t find my order and when they do find something, something happens such as they cannot complete the exchange and will to call me back the next day to finish it or the call ends, it’s like they give up because they are lost and don’t know what to do.  And all the waiting made the wrong phone ship, so all that time wasted now I have to send the phone back, trying to contact att to send the phone back and do an exchange is a nightmare.  The incompetent customer service representative wastes an hour of my time by asking questions and keep asking me what I wanted to do and told me to call sales and gave me the number to call,  so after all that time wasted I call sales,  guess what?  I need to call customer service to do this.  So I call customer service AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!! I wait on hold because their customer service is really bad so after 30 minutes of waiting the call fails.  This is really ridiculous.  I didn’t even add to this message the other days of back and forth with sales and customer service.  It’s no surprise to me ATT have majority 1 star ratings, doesn’t surprise me at all from what I had to experience just to exchange a phone.  I haven’t even been able to exchange it yet due to the many hours or waiting on hold or answering the same stupid questions over and over and their computers must be from 1980 because it takes them forever to look up anything on your account!!!!!  I wish I knew about this before switching, I would have stayed with Tmobile, it’s not worth this headache and I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to exchange the phone with the way things are going,  it should not be this hard or complicated."
At&t is a untrustworthy. They will steal your data then lie and tell you that you have used it up. At&t are true thefts and crooks and I stand on that.To Who It May Concern I'm down for suing AT&T that's my email
"My experience with Vodafone has been extremely disappointing. Their mishandling of my case involving fraudulent device loan agreements shows a complete failure in safeguarding customer accounts and addressing issues fairly.1. Lack of Proper Security MeasuresVodafone allowed someone to create two loan agreements in my name without my consent. Changes to my email and address were made without any proper identity verification. When I flagged this, I was told that since these agreements were made online, no authorisation or signature was required. This is a glaring oversight in their processes and a failure to protect their customers.2. Inappropriate AdviceAfter reporting the issue, I informed Vodafone that the police explicitly advised me not to contact the individual responsible. Despite this, Vodafone repeatedly encouraged me to reach out to the person, leaving me in an even worse position than before. This was completely inappropriate and showed a lack of understanding about the risks involved.3. Unresolved Security VulnerabilitiesI raised concerns that the answers to the security questions on my account are not mine, yet Vodafone has failed to address this. This means my account remains vulnerable to further misuse, which is deeply concerning.4. Refusal to Take ResponsibilityRather than taking accountability for their failure to secure my account, Vodafone has shifted the burden onto me. Despite blacklisting the devices, they are still charging me for the loans and have advised me to take the matter to small claims court. This shows a lack of willingness to resolve the issue and disregard for their role in allowing this to happen.What Vodafone Should Have Done:Cancelled the fraudulent loan agreements immediately.Investigated and fixed the security vulnerabilities that allowed this to happen.Taken responsibility for their failure to verify the identity of the person creating the agreements.Final Thoughts:Vodafone’s handling of this situation has been unacceptable. Their failure to protect my account, their inadequate security processes, and their reluctance to take responsibility have caused unnecessary stress and financial burden.If you’re considering Vodafone, DON'T!—their lack of accountability and poor handling of security issues could leave you in a similar position."
"DO NOT SIGN UP FOR T MOBILE!  Bait and Switch.  The hours and hours on horrible customer service to get no where.  Promised service at $35 per line.  Credit for trade in.  Now $55 per line, they have my phone and nothing I can do.  Will not honor $35 even with recorded call stating $35.STAY FAR AWAY!"
"Been with them 2 years, bad signal and terrible support. Avoid them. I will never go back.In this 2 years I could compare with my other phone, 90% of situations when vodafone had no signal the other one did.Also when I ended the contract they did they best to stop me and delay me and a month later still owe me from my last invoice about 20 gbp.  Avoid them like the plague."
Company offers 3 promotions for signing up and has been refusing to give 2 out of 3 of them. I’ve spent over 1.5 hours on the phone with everyone making excuses of why the issue can’t be fixed. Classic bait to get you to sign up and then zero aftercare because you’re stuck in a long term contract.
"Was overcharged and support refuses to refund what they overcharged me, including their hidden fees. Also coverage and signal is garbage. They should remove 5G/6G and go back to to LTE/4G."
"AT&T is the worst cell phone provider imaginable! The rates are high, and there is no customer service. I was on hold for more than an hour with three callbacks, and every time the line went dead before an agent could answer. Five new cell phones were sent to my house without requiring a signature and, unsurprisingly, were stolen from the porch. AT&T refused to reimburse the down payment even though a police report was filed. I would never recommend AT&T to anyone!"
"I thought I would save money by using T-Mobile and I did. However, I dropped an average of three calls per day for the ten months I had this service. They could not offer me any better service so I canceled.Then, after canceling, I was late on my final payment. After they did receive the payment a month late, they billed me late charges and sent me to a collection agency. I received both bills in the same week.Terrible service and terrible billing procedures. So glad I went back to my old carrier."
I came home from work today (Friday) and my internet was down. They said that they wouldn’t fix it until Tuesday. I pay $80 per month for service that is intermittent at best. Wouldn’t recommend this company to anyone.
"Managed to get a great deal on an iPhone 16 pro Max via Uswitch. Already a customer on £17 sim only, none of the existing customer offers came close to the price.Phoned up to cancel the old contract only to have a rude person on the phone telling me I should have contacted Vodafone to get a deal. Utter nonsense as upgrade deals online were for THREE year contracts. So would have cost me £2548 over 3 years, compared with my new Vodafone contract which is £1515 over 2 years."
"Made a mistake myself and husband but then the nightmare unleashed. We signed up whilst we were renovating the new house and instead of changing the dates for the installation, we cancelled the contracts within those 14 days. Recently, when we wanted to re-join, they messed up our credit check badly. Just so you are aware, once you've cancelled the contract with them, you'll be rejected 90 days afterwards if you want to re-join - it will say your credit check failed. I spoke to them via phone, chat and they sent me to Experian and once I opened a claim with them about my credit check, Experian raised a dispute with Vodafone and told me it was sorted. But no, it wasn't and also will block you from joining other suppliers online, where you can get the best prices and offers because your data will stay stuck on their system and the one of Open Reach so you will have more issues. It can be sorted but you have to pay a lot more for another provider to take over. And the messages and communication received from them were very misleading. I feel so sorry I made such a big mistake to deal with them, at my father's recommendation who's been with Vodafone Romania for over 20 years. Yesterday evening I spent 2 hours over the phone until Kelly managed to re-activate my account and that got me a massive headache which is still ongoing today. And that at a higher price than you find online. I understand I made a mistake but be careful because they do not specify all the unleashed mess which starts if you decide to cancel within 14 days, as per the consumer's rights and will cause you so much stress. If I manage to sort it with another provider, I will cancel it forever and tell to all the people I know to be aware and stay away from Vodafone. I got the best ""deal"" yesterday over the phone. 25£ for 150mgb when online you can buy it at 24£ plus a 90£ voucher. But they blocked me from being able to purchase it online..."
"Out of 7,037 reviews, AT&T has a combined score of 1.3. I'm sure the score would be even lower if they allowed a ""ZERO"" to be entered. Count me as one of the many potential customers who would give AT&T a ZERO if possible. The customer service is HORRIBLE. Over the course of 24 hours, as I waited for a missed installation window, I was lied to 3 times by 3 different customer service representatives who who are about as worthless as a hole in a pair of socks. I am currently looking for another company to provide internet at my business so that I will no longer have to EVER do business with AT&T again."
At&t suck at helping the military. My son going in the military and they want put him on a line suspended his line while in basic training.  They want let you go into a store and show paperwork.  They want you go online and when told that didn't have a way to scan documents they said go online again.  Not all older generations know how to do those things or even have internet.  They said not their problem.  They have terrible customers service. They basically said for me to suck it.
"Two sales reps. knock on the door and offered a better, cheaper, reliable internet service. So we signed, and set the appointment for Saturday morning. One week later they never arrived, never calls and when we call the service dept. they told us they do not have enough techs to install, so it must be moved to the end of the month. ....after one hour on the phone we just cancel it. ....Save yourself a headache they do not have enough employees to serve central Florida and that is the true as i was informed by their own people....."
Not answering my phones.
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU OUT SOURCE THE CUSTOMER SERVICE TO OTHER COUNTRIES 2 1/2 HR WASTED AND STILL NO CLEAR ANSWER ON IF IM ELGIBLE TO TRADE MY PHONE IN AND GET AN UPGRADE. SHAME ON YOU ATT. I WILL BE TAKING MY 15 BUSINESS LINES SOMEWHERE ELSE.Rep # ML0516 Anna in some foreign country
"T-mobile is THE WORST mobile service company around. I quit them in April to go back to Spectrum and they were still charging me for Ipad services, would not consider a one and last time courtesy leniency. The customer service is substandard, and no matter what promotion they are offering, you'll wind up being taxed even after you complete your plan commitment."
"Review of T-Mobile Home Internet 15-Day Test DriveService Start: I began the 15-day trial with T-Mobile Home Internet in November. Initially, the service was poor, but after some adjustments, it significantly improved. I was impressed with the speed and quality of the service, to the point where I considered switching my lines from Xfinity to T-Mobile. However, due to the complexity of the process, I decided to cancel.Cancellation Process: I spoke with customer service, and they recommended canceling within the 15-day period, which I did. I received a return label for the equipment and sent it back before the deadline.Subsequent Issues: On November 29, I received a letter from the collections department for $55 with no explanation. I never received a bill from T-Mobile for this amount. Then, on December 9, 2024, I received another letter from a collection agency in PA for the same $55. Finally, on December 14, I received a bill for $32.66 for internet usage, despite having returned the equipment on time.Reflection: I am referring this case to the consumer protection department in the state of Oregon for review. It is concerning that a large company like T-Mobile uses tactics like these without following proper procedures. I hope that with advances in artificial intelligence, new companies with better services and more transparent practices will emerge, eliminating the need to deal with situations like this."
They made me pay $83 dollars after I canceled my 2 phones from their service. The phones were only active 3 days and I still had to pay that much!! I never will use AT&T again. Horrible customer service as well.
"I have been a customer of this company since 2016. Initially, the service was very good, but it has now become one of the worst companies in the UK. The customer support is extremely poor, and the staff are rude and reluctant to answer questions. This is not the first time I’ve had a bad experience with customer support; they don’t provide proper responses. Additionally, I’m being charged extra for no reason. I’m truly disappointed with the terrible management—it’s honestly shameful."
"I have been trying like hell to get my number to another service. the phone they want to text to verify me is BROKEN. i have explained this SEVERAL times to them. now i've been paying for months for service i am not getting just so i can keep the phone number. my actual phone i use is with another service now (and i am MUCH happier with their level of concern for their customers). at this point after so long of no access to the number, i just want to cancel. but now they only offer tech support on a limited schedule. you better hope you are having trouble when it's convenient for them to help you! and any call takes over an hour by the time you hold for them and explain it over and over again to different people. all i want to do at this point is cancel service. they want me to make an appt for a phone call for WEDNESDAY. it's SUNDAY. seriously???? THIS is why big name monopolies get the reputation they have. it's unbelievable how low their standards are these days. i am forced by my apartment complex to have my internet with them, but I will never recommend at&t to ANYONE after all of this. in fact, i will tell this story to anyone that is looking for cell service. It's all fine and good until you need them or they screw your account up. but if you need them at all, they are ABSENT and feel no obligation whatsoever to be there for their customers. i've been trying to get this done for over a year."
They are cheating with Customer and direct pay charging more and stelling my money from my bank account. When called Customer service call goes some other country and with poor English and hard to communicate
Stay away from this company for WIFI I don't get wifi in the upstairs of my address been trying to connect to my booster several attempts hours on the phone and the password does not work when putting in the same as my hub- asked for engineer to come out and look into how rubbish the wifi is at the property when it's supposed to be super fast vodaphone won't do this- asked to cancel so I can go else where they also won't do this without charging me so what are my options stop paying you and take you to court for not providing the service.
They failed to activate a pre-paid e-sim. After 3 hours asked for my money back - they say this may take 72 hours!
This worst company ever! They are literally robbing people with billing. I have spoke with the retention on multiple occasions. Came to agreement on pricing and to have the price change within the next billing cycle. And as usual there are no expectations of changes or charges. Please do not use this service unless you like being taken for your money!!
I have had nothing but problems with AT&T and I have given them years to fix it. They did good from about 2006-2019 but lately nothing but problems!!! For starters I had to get an upgrade due to my battery not charging...get the upgrade wont send/receive calls or texts. Then they send me an insurance replacement and charge me $350.00 NOT HAPPY as my phone was still under warranty and when I called to dispute the charge they said to talk to Assurion....Well Assurion informed me it was a manufacturers default and I should not have to pay. So I have spent the last 3 days trying to get in contact with AT&T and the agents always push me on to somebody else that I have to explain everything all over. So after more than a total of 4 hours on hold and explaining myself I had to put in for a call back for today and as soon as the agent said Hello and I said hello back she hung up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"No internet for 2 days now, was told I would have a slot in the morning for it to be fixed was called in the morning and told it's an outage....so what one is it???? And no timescale to when it will be fixed!!"
"My ATT wireless bill went up 30 bucks and according to them there will be credits applied to my next bill. It's always something with these people. I was sold into the service on the pretense of saving me money and I should have known they were lying form the start. I went with wireless along with home phone ,internet and cable. 3 separate bills and has me questioning my decisions. Just as soon as this 24 month deal is up I'm switching back. This is utterly ridiculous. ATT tou suck.. ."
"AT&T The worst Internet provider we have ever had slow Internet, Cuts all the time, Horrible customer service, Lied About gift cards and tricked us into switching the phone line Saying it would be cheaper, but it absolutely wasn’t We are paying ridiculous amounts per month For a terrible service Absolutely do not recommend go any other provider Their sales team uses lies and deception To get you to sign up. We are going to cancel the service immediately and go with any other provider"
"Horrible service at TMobile! I’ve been a loyal customer for 25 years. I get ooor reception on the lines, overcharging of my bills, and poor explanation of service and benefits. This company needs an overhaul!!! No one can answer a strait question! I don’t recommend them!"
"Got locked into a 2 years contract with promises that turns out to be all lies. Every month Vodafone will add charges and don’t even know where those charges are coming from. Signal is the worse compared to all the other networks I’ve been on. For example, if I’m on a call I won’t be able to use other apps that require internet access. Rang Vodafone to express my dissatisfaction and all they said if cancel then I’ll have to pay for the rest of the contract. Currently seeking legal advice.Another instance is when I travel to America. Got a t-mobile SIM card but Vodafone still managed to add extra charges. Rang Vodafone again and it’s the same old story. Again I have no idea where those charges came from.  0% recommended."
"Moving home. Responded to Vodafone broadband promotion.Disastrous onboarding form, leading to ""page not found"", address check, direct debit, credit card, everything.Order is created, but next day ""Your order was deleted"".2 hrs on the call to find out that ""we couldn't verify your address"", requested my passport, current address coucil tax, new address council tax. 5 documents!Ok, the issue is resolved. I'm advised to create a new order and guess what?Same mistake!2.5 hrs of my time wasted. Vodafone staff are telling things, which turn out to be NOT true.Never deal with this company again and will post publicly everywhere."
"Joined as a new customer in April 2024 and had issues from start with intermittent service . Phoned customer care who's ""expert knowledge "" proclaimed it my fault until a complete breakdown of service by August 6th . Fixed by August 14th and engineer found long standing fault exterior to property which was intact #VodafoneUK's issue  which I knew all along. For complete breakdown of service Vodafone don't pay you anything for day 1 and 2 then £9+ for each day after . So in my case 5 ×£9+ owing £45+ . All along from April to August the service was down up to 14 times a day ( Vodafones figures not mine) and on Friday 4th they offered a compensation package of what they owed me anyway plus 00.000021 of a penny per day for the outages . Like numerous other calls they absolutely promised to phone back ,they didn't of course . Instead a complaint was raised(again) and the package from Friday vanished ( no surprise) off screen . Since then it's taken another 4 days ,seeing another 3 complaints opened ( all since mysteriously shut down) and still not resolved and of course it won't be . If ##VodafoneUK reply to this review it will be the same company format * We are so sorry to hear of your experience, we offer the finest customer care . Please reach out or DM us on xxx xxxxxx *What happens is they ghost you. You're on the phone and the customer care will say please hold the line and they don't come back . One hour 4 mins Friday ,Fifty eight minutes Sunday same Monday same ghosting . It took Customer Care 21 hours to reply on Monday 7th October and the answer was * We've had to raise a complaint* Customer Care were the team tasked with solving the issues. Please please don't go with #VodafoneUK, you'll regret it. Please check their social media comments ,it's full of complaints that are not solved ."
"Utterly appalling…do not use this company! 4 months we have been waiting for our broadband to be connected, no-one ever phones back with updates when say they will and having phoned again today…I’ve been told the next update will be at the end of January!"
"I was compelled to purchase their tracker service for insurance purposes.Firstly, it's rubbish. So many false alarms. Secondly, they are impossible to contact.Finally, with 6 months remaining when I sold my car, no refunds for the remainder - not an inconsiderable sum!"
"Worst company to deal with , I top up my phone to call 09083264512 and they restricted my access to that number , top of that I ve been on webchat for a refund 3 days and they couldn t process it after they confirmed I am eligible for it . The guy who I spoke with on the webchat doesn t have a clue how to do his job, I understand they hire cheap labour but at lest train them properly"
"You sending a home protection expert after 4 iPhones, you sent a regular Asurion tech. Bluetooth still not working.I have spent well over 15 hours trying to get this resolved. Feel free to respond."
"I’m not one for reviews but i’d hate for others to waste precious minutes (or hours & days) on this earth dealing with vodafone’s customer service. I can give you brief summary of it now if you are considering their broadband. “We are very sorry and we will ensure we investigate this so that it does not ever happen again” then they do it again.The full & honest story behind my need to vent with a review -I placed an order for full fibre broadband. As agreed, the equipment shows up and on the day they say, great! but i noticed that there is no actual fibre modem in the property and i have no engineer booked. Odd but i give them a call to double check they’ve sent everything. Sure enough, there has been an understandable mistake - they tested the line to make sure the ONT (fibre connection) was active and working and sent out just the wifi hub. Between testing the line and the previous owner moving out though, the previous owner had disconnected the ONT and also sent that back which they weren’t supposes to. Frustrating but not vodafones fault and as my line isn’t going active for another few days, it’s no biggy, they’ll get someone out to fix it so it’s ready…wrong! They can’t raise it as a fault with city fibre as it’s not actually an active line yet.Pretty frustrating also but again, understandable i guess. The guy, who was really friendly say’s he’ll ring me back first thing on Monday when the line becomes active and get me a next day appointment. Sure enough he rings at 6pm that day as agreed but it turns out he can’t book an appointment with city fibre, he has to email them and they respond within 48hrs with an appointment within 48hrs of that.More frustration but ok, lets let it work itself out….8 days later and after calling literally daily, still no engineer, still no broadband, still no reason why as apparently people have been calling but i haven’t been answering! What had actually been happening is they were calling my 13yr old daughters phone number while she was in school and her phone doesn’t accept calls. I’d never given them that number regarding my broadband or phone number order but because i have an account for her phone, that had became the default contact number… except it hadn’t when they were calling me back to say how sorry they were daily with the screen written apologies?Fast forward to a few more days later when i’ve taken two days off work for the engineers who were definitely going to show up but didn’t because they had no contact details for me and after all the confusion an out of hours city fibre rings my actual phone number and has me up and running in half an hour around two weeks after my activation.Now that was a really bumpy start and the £16 in compensation they offered me felt very generous for two weeks of feeling like i was harrassing them and two days off work (self employed) but in fairness the broadband was bulletproof. Great speeds up & down, no cutting out, no complaints at all.3 months in now and while i’m away on holiday i get a text to say my broadband is being cancelled and to call them if i want to keep it. Clearly a phishing scam i thought, they won’t catch me out though!…wrong! Today my broadband is being cut off, this review might not even make it to the internet if i don’t press send quick enough.After speaking to two customer service people, it turns out that “someone” has requested a broadband switch mistakenly and there’s nothing they can do about it. How unfortunate you might think, clearly he’s tried to find a better deal…nope.You can’t speak to customer services without confirming your full name, DOB, address, email and favourite dinner before they text you a one time passcode but any old person can apparently just request to swap your broadband.The other wonderful thing is they’re going to send me a bill for 15 months of the remaining contract for my troubles.You couldn’t make up how bad their customer care is, everybody is sorry and everybody is emailing other people to get answers but nobody ever does. It’s genuinely the worst customer service i’ve ever experienced by a big margin. I beg you, don’t use them. The product is great when it’s working but i promise it’s not worth the headache of trying to deal with their customer service if you have a problem it really isn’t and i’m not a “complainer”. I get there’s red tape, i get that there’s a process to follow but i can tell you hand on heart if there is a minor problem with the service you will regret ignoring this review and you’ll message me one day soon to say steve, you were right.**updated since vodafone have replied**What you can see below is what i would call “classic vodafone”. Zero ownership of an issue, it’s always a case of can you contact another team, who then contact another team and ultimately you have to chase everyone while getting nowhere. Beyond awful."
"Double charged me $60 for a returned check fee for not updating bank account and never tried to contact me to update my payment information. After wasting much of my time they removed one returned check fee of $30. Sorry, I can not help that this is a worker country and I have to work and have no time to take care of business, family, or friends"
"Terrible Experience - Beware of Billing and Customer Service Issues.I am extremely disappointed with AT&T. We signed a contract expecting to pay $150 per month, but we’ve consistently been charged $200 or more. This isn’t just a small error—it’s blatant overcharging. On top of that, customer support has been unhelpful at every step. They promised discounts and callbacks from a manager that never happened. To make things worse, they closed the store at First Colony Mall, and now even in-store support at other locations can’t resolve our issues.AT&T’s service has been nothing but a hassle, with misleading information and broken promises. I wouldn’t recommend this company to anyone looking for reliable service or honest billing practices."
Definitely not a service you want when trying to get things resolved the customer service is horrible horrible horrible no one listen! You will get passed from one representative to the next I have had them for over 9 years and I’m now in search for a new provider
"Network drops out several times a week, custom care is shocking, they tell you what you want to hear just to get you off the phone or simply hang up. I've spent 6 hour on the phone over the last couple of weeks to them and still no further forward. I CANT WAIT TILL MY CONTRACT IS OVER!!!!🤬🤬"
The worst customer service ever see in my life just want to steal your money this company AT&T is just to steal your money garbage people are all in AT&T not professional loser losers low life  with no respect big mafia to take your money and the government not control this company steal money from people my story with this nasty company I got new line and order iPhone 16 pro black after week came open the box and I see is gold and pink so I call the store in Addison Illinois the most nasty people ever in my life I see so disgusting and he tell me bring the phone here ok I go there and he say is AT&T fualt ok we have to order back the black iPhone pro 16 I say ok and he tell me you have to pay other 102$ so first time I pay 102$ and the make the mistake and make to pay for the second time I say I pay 102$ why I have to pay for the second time when you make the mistake he say for this the money will come back for 3 days 60 days never the money come back I call customer service and I call the store just say this week end of the week for 60 days and now I have email say the iPhone you never return the nasty guy the most disgusting guy how work in Addison Illinois he tell me you have to left this phone here so I can return for you I say I can return when the other iPhone come he say no I will return for you don’t worry I have email from the most disgusting people work in AT&T and say we never got your phone back so we going to charge you 1190$ this what you get with this nasty nasty people in AT&T I have the receipt  no help call the customer service no help call the store no help I don’t know what I can do more just to steal your money and the government never control this company this company do this for decades rip people off  wake up government
I have been with t mobile for over 6 years now and slowly they are showing their true face. For the past 3 months i have been really patient. I wanted to upgrade my paid off iphone to their latest version and they sent me the wrong phone and had to send me a new order. Now they have messed up my account and I owe double what I used to. My new monthly bill now is $750 which is ridiculous. I have been on the phone with them every other day and they keep promising we will get to the bottom of this but they never do. They have now suspended my line for the 4th time because I was promised a call and resolution from some of their supervisors who completely ghosted me as this seems to be a more complicated situation. I rely on t mobile for my business and they have not held their end.
I had them for about 3 years and my mom lost her phone. I called to see if they were offering any promotions on the phones. They said we I was eligible for free upgrade. We sent 4 phones to get 4 new phones. They can’t find 2 and they put me in as a promotion to by when get one free with the additional line. So instead of paying for the tax I’m now paying for 6 lines of services and 2 new phones. So my bill went from paying 127 a month I am now payin 222 per month. Every time I call 1-3 times per month. The same thing happens every time. A supervisor tells me they are going to escalate it and get back to me and no one ever does. Stay away from them!
"I keep getting screw by AT&T service, being over charged, paying unrealistic fees, just bad all around, as a veteran I am suppose to get a 25% discount, but all my bill does is go up with being charged data that I am not use, I have been on hold with customer service after being transferred from collection departmentUsing Donld Trumps words! AT&T your firedCustomer service people they are stupid"
"WARNING !!!! STAY AWAY!!!! Literally two of the worst managers I've encountered in less than 8 days. I would not come to this location as they have a new manager named Garrett. Garrett without my consent took in my trade that I told him. I wanted to get a refund on because a previous sales person by the name of Zachery sold me new iphone and plan telling me I could combine the new number to my main phone line. This would allow me to have a new phone and not have to pay off the other phone. All I would have to do is pay the taxes on the new phone.I technically have 14 days to return my new phone and 30 days to trade in my new phone. However when I went in today trade in my phone I was told I still had to pay the balance on my old phone. I explained the situation to Garrett and all Garrett did was look down at his eyepad not once looked me in the eyes while explaining that Zachery made a misstep. I then told Garrett I would like a refund and keep my old phone and return the new one and remove the additional phone line since I was tricked into buying the new phone.Well Garrett did not tell me while he was on his iPad that instead of processing the refund and return he actually processed the trade in without my formal or signed concern. Garrett basically said he could no longer process a refund because he processed the trade in. Garrett then tossed the receipt on the table and walked away. Not only was that rude it was a fraudulent transaction since I did not consent to trading in my phone. I am surprised AT&T would allow Garrett to be a manager and conduct shady business while having a new hire and existing staff near by. Garrett lacks integrity, leadership, decision making skills. Processing my trade in without my consent and not refusing to refund me my money and give back my old phone is absolutely unacceptable since I am well in my rights to do so.This AT&T location is an Authorized Retailer not an actual AT&T store. That means that these kind of issues are dealt with at the Authorized Retailer level and corporate AT&T does not get involved. So basically you get ripped off.What basically happens is they steal your trade in of $1000 dollars and give you the street value of $350. So now if I return my new phone and cancel my new phone line they will only give me $350 for my old phone versus the $1000 dollars promotional offer I was promised. Why would I want to sell them my phone for $350? When I would have just kept my old phone and been a happy customer. Garretts lack of customer service, communication and honesty was by far the worst I've experienced at any store I've been to. I personally would never hire someone with that type of integrity.It's no wonder Zachery was let go and they have such a high turnover rate. That is two managers I've dealt with in less than a month. Now Garrett is the new manager and that's even worse than Zachery. This location will steal from you like they did from me and I would highly recommend you go to an Actual AT&T store or buy online from AT&T. These Authorized Retailers are shady and especially this location. Why would you continue to hire managers who steal and mislead their customers.The name of the company that's responsible of the location is Prime Comms - AZ. Prime Comms - AZ should really do a better job of hire their employees and especially their managers.I can't believe I've encountered two of the worst dishonest managers Zachery and now new manager Garettt who will basically with no remorse steal from you."
"After about 2 hours on the phone trying to verify the account that we have had for 30 years, I spent another half hour being told that after we got a new fiber optic line ATT will not come and get rid of the old copper lines running from the pole to the house. They said that we would have to hire an outside contractor to do that sort of thing."
"Are the customer reps at T-Mobile in a competition to see who can be the rudest and least helpful overall to their clients? That is the only explanation I can fathom for the continued experience I've had with the company over these past three years. On the technical side, I do receive basically reliable phone service and I can live with the bill. While all my devices are eligible for upgrade, and I want to upgrade all of our devices; T-Mobile doesn't want to reach across the aisle with any enticing offers. They are beyond greedy and show no respect for long time loyal customers."
"Do not trust anything they text or email you.  It is most likely incorrect. AMEX could not explain what they are up to.  Their website is very poorly designed with broken links, and it is unable to ask appropriate questions to get you to correct person for the reason you are calling about.  In addition to having their system go down several times lately, their web site is awful.  They need an AI to straighten it out.   Very disappointing."
Att services is terrible.. the quality is worst than last year..weak services..customer service is useless..really..because they can't do anything the computer won't do..useless!
"So so bad !! Especially the manager Leonard no way … he doesnt know to talk to customers only shouting and no helping . Just to get the sim ı had 3 days and still no solution .. never going to this shop again, the way of talking is so bad…..😡😡😡"
"rude employees who are not helpful in any way, shape, or form. i always make it a mission to be kind to any service employees but the associate in their mount pocono location might be the rudest woman i have ever encountered. i gave her no reason to speak to me in such a condescending tone."
Possibly the biggest wast of time I’ve spent in my 72 years with multiple phone calls to and from Vodafone. Placed an order for fast fibre in July 24 and cancelled it today as I’m completely fed up with waiting for engineers to turn up and apologetic calls excusing the reason why they didn’t.ABSOLUTE DISGRACEAVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!It really doesn’t help that the call centres are mainly abroad and I can’t understand a word!!!
"I ordered Full Fibre broadband, which required both external and internal installations. The external work was completed in preparation for the installation inside my flat, initially scheduled for Friday, 8th November 2024.1) On Tuesday, 5th November 2024, at 15:36, I received a text from Vodafone informing me that both my order and the engineer appointment had been cancelled.2) Upon investigation, I learned that a neighbour had lodged a complaint about a City Fibre engineer allegedly using an unauthorised key to access the building. This matter had nothing to do with my order.3) City Fibre then informed Vodafone that the work was **on hold** and requested that Vodafone obtain clarification from me to ensure all parties were agreeable to proceed. My neighbour confirmed that his complaint was solely about the key-cutting incident and did not pertain to the work itself.4) Vodafone misunderstood or mismanaged this request and cancelled my order without contacting me for clarification.5) I contacted City Fibre, who confirmed they never requested the cancellation. They read their notes verbatim, with timestamps, and reiterated that they needed Vodafone's instruction to proceed.**From my perspective, the solution was straightforward. The City Fibre engineer had already completed the initial phase of the installation and only needed to complete the work in my flat. All that was needed was for Vodafone to contact City Fibre to confirm that no neighbour requested the work to stop. However, Vodafone chose not to take these steps, even though I had arranged time off work for the installation on 8th November 2024.**---Over two days, I spent countless hours calling Vodafone, navigating automated systems and speaking to service advisors who told me they could not reverse the cancellation or directly contact City Fibre. Vodafone repeatedly blamed City Fibre, while City Fibre stated they could only act on Vodafone's instructions. This lack of transparency and ownership left me in the middle, managing the coordination myself.**Additional Frustrations**- Service advisors directed me to place a new order on the website, which I did, only for it to be cancelled again at 11:26 on Wednesday, 6th November 2024.- Most service advisors refused to transfer me to the ""home broadband"" team until one agent eventually did. This agent promised to expedite the issue with City Fibre and follow up with a call between 17:30 and 18:30 the next evening but failed to do so.- I had to contact Vodafone again, and after extensive discussions, an advisor escalated the issue but could not connect me to a manager, resulting in another 24-hour wait for a callback.- A manager called on Thursday, 7th November 2024, only to inform me that their only option was to raise another formal complaint, adding another day to the process.- Shaiana from customer care called the following day, not to discuss my complaint but only to transfer me back to the ""home broadband"" team, where a third order was placed over the phone, which was subsequently cancelled on Tuesday, 12th November 2024.**Update**I have been contacted by Vodafone Customer Care, who advised that ""City Fibre requires up to 120 days to obtain permission"" to complete the work. However, the agent was unable to clarify what specific permission is needed. This statement directly contradicts City Fibre, who have already completed the initial phase of the installation and were scheduled to finish the work within my flat.Vodafone has also confirmed that they cannot provide interim broadband and no longer offer broadband services that are not Full Fibre. As I cannot wait 120 days without an internet service provider, Vodafone has effectively left me with no choice but to take my business elsewhere."
"Locked in an unwanted contractHad a plan with VOXI, which was terminated only 48 hours after my payment bounced back due to a credit card being stolen and replaced. Only 48 hours after this, my plan was cancelled against my will, and I wasn’t given the chance to reactivate it. I was told I would need to create an entirely new contract, now with Vodafone. I specifically told the agent online that I didn’t want to have a fixed contract and didn’t want to leave VOXI, simply wanted to pay for the missing payment, but I was told that this option was not available. I asked about the benefits of the new plan and it looked like a similar plan with more benefits for the same price. Until it wasn’t. Despite mentioning more than once that I didn’t want to be locked in a contract, my request not respected. A month into my contract and Vodafone has proven to be worse in every way. Higher and more frequent charges. My plan is supposedly larger, and yet I unexplainably run out of MG much faster. Conveniently, the company charges an outrageous amount to add more MB.Today I got in touch with them, to find out that I am locked into a 24-month contract against my will. Despite stating I didn’t want a fixed plan, the agent who assisted me went ahead and selected that plan. I was told that I will need to pay a cancelation fee that costs over £200 if I want to cancel my plan. I will continue to inform people online about this and file a complaint with citizens advice, so they can look into the messages exchanged between myself and the agent. In the meantime, I am living a true nightmare. Beware!!"
"If I can put no stars, I would I don’t know how I came this far but I’ve been with AT&T almost 2 years. I still have a YEAR and 5 months to go Come to find out I’m under a contract that they will not let me get out of. I lost my job due to health issues. they will not let me return the phone, even if it’s in great condition They want to bill me $400 remaining on the phone, but they will not let me return the phone they will not let me leave the contract. I would not recommend AT&T to anybody not even my worst enemy. AT&T sucks, including when I have no service or signal they don’t reverse me What I missed AT&T sucks. Do not I repeat do not switch or make contact with them."
"The wors experience ever for a prepaid sim card. 1 They do not accept European credit cards (they just do not accept them, why? Idk). 2. Once your number got deactivated you are no longer in a position to pay for another month... In order to reactivate it, you need to log in into your T-mobile account, but it requires... receiving a text. Once the number is deactivated, you cannot receive any texts.Worst experience ever. DON'T NOT GET T-MOBILE!!!"
Online customer service is awful. The purpose is to make resolving issues easier for people who may have access issues for phone or in person.You speak with a bot that is not very good at redirecting unless for basic issues. I also spoke with 3 different advisors who gave different advice to resolve an issue with the final one helping me only.
Trying to upgrade my current Vodafone broadband to Vodafone full fibre I accepted a good deal from them & received confirmation emails from them & Open Reach regarding new external cabling & the change in speed.Unfortunately OReach failed to turn up as agreed so I turned to Vodafone for help . I started with the compulsory online chat bot but eventually got a human responding. After a wasted 70mins I was told that despite the email confirmations from Voda & Open Reach the Vodafone agent online could find no record of my new contract & I was told to apply all over again for a new contract. My wife feels that that we should not stay with a company that behaves like this but I still naively hope that Voda will sort out this mess !PSJust had new response from Open Reach directing me to ask Vodafone to contact them on my behalf.Fat chance !
"Terrible company,I will never buy anything from them againI had business broadband and all bad experience!!!!!"
"After 3 wonderful years I just had the most disappointing conversations with T-Mobile. What's changed??  My services were suspended with no advance notice, with no messages, no communication whatsoever. The reason, I'm told, is because there was one missing payment. Meantime T-Mobile has not 1 but 2 valid forms of payment and I have never missed any previous payments. After spending crazy time on the phone trying to understand and rectify the issue I was then told different answers by different supervisors. The last crazy conversation was about a $15 credit I should have received and was not provided. Enough is enough. Good by T-mobile until you return what you used to be."
"Made a card payment of £1471 month later advised payment has been reversed and in arrearsHad proof from my bank and prints of over 20 bank statements to PROVE the payment went throughEven the bank are shocked at how vodafone have treated meOver over 6 calls and 3 hours on the phone, 2 visits to the store after been told by customer service I had to visitThe first thing to store manager says to me is "" you need to call customer services we can't help you ""After showing them digital proof and and printed proofStill getting the same text after being promised call backs and emails back but nothing. Even told cannot speak to a manager over the phone as they "" are all in a meeting ""Set up a promise to pay with Vodafone of £147 ( made 9th September )  which goes through via card paymentSpoken to Vodafone over 5x on the phone each time they say accounts team will look into itBank confirmed payment had gone though and not returned on phoneWent into Bank after speaking to Vodafone instoreBank Went through and printed every statement since payment was madeConfirmed again has gone through and not returnedShow Vodafone team in store who noted on file as "" seen proof "" but can not do anything elseBasically told me not to return to the store and they cannot help me at allSpoke to voafone again on phone comfirmed note and pushed back to accountsAgain after been told while get a call back or email got the same text for the 3rd time""Hello - thank you for getting in touch about your recent payment. We?ve found your payment of £143.77 however it is showing as reversed, please contact your bank for further information.""Been a loyal customer for over 15 years and ironically took wifi with Vodafone 2 months ago after being a really happy customer"
"I want to share this in as many places as possible because of the terrible customer service and because of the unapproved charges I received from ATT while traveling. We were on a cruise and within a short period of time my daughter received the below messages then her phone was shut off.  I did not approve or agree to these charges. I didn’t ask for them to provide service on a cruise ship. Welcome to the awesomeness of ATT. What should have happened was that they should have asked me to confirm that I wanted this service provided. Instead they let it go and charged me for it. Sorry but that’s predatory. It’s like you’re taking advantage of a 14 year old kid and then their parents to make an extra buck. Meanwhile I have Verizon and no issues, no unapproved charges and no one feels taken advantage of. If you have issues good luck with that. The voice response unit is awful and wait time to speak to a human at up to one hour. This experience was terrible. My advice is go with Verizon because at least you know they won’t take advantage of you like this"
"T-mobile is so bad that literally every other email I send from my phone will not go through and I have to re-create the email and resend it.  And it is not anything to do with the email server because I have four email accounts and it happens on all of them with T-Mobile. The only reason I keep them is because their service actually works really well overseas but God help you if you want to send an email in the United States from your phone.  If you are not a world traveler, get a different cell phone company."
"Once again AT&T is failing me. If you use AT&T cell services, you cannot reach my office phone. It goes to instant fast busy, AGAIN!! There is some glitch and AT&T and our VIOP provider both are pointing fingers at each other. "" Its their fault "", meanwhile,  I still can't reach my own office from my cell. What a frustrating and utter failure AT&T and DataTalk Telecom / Intermedia  have been for us. If you run a business,  who do you use for Voice Over IP?  This has happened multiple times, with hours and hours of arguing and chasing tails on the phone.  Customer service sucks! Automated system sucks. People who can't speak or understand clearly as phone techs, SUCKS! Your inability to recognize and remedy an issue like this is insane andpathetic."
"After being with a competitive Telephone Carrier for decades, I decided their fees were too high, and decided to save money by going with T-Mobile and their advertised rates.HUGE MISTAKE.Signed up, and spent THREE (3) days trying to get both of my lines working.  NOTHING worked correctly.  THREE (3) days of wasted time.  They couldn't get both lines connected, service quality was worse than poor, and their agents were totally clueless.I then cancelled service, switched to a new Carrier and WHOA  !!!!  everything immediately worked perfectly. BUT !!!   T-Mobile wasn't finished. They had me set up in 'auto-pay' and thus began a multi-month disaster of trying to get them to remove incorrect charges.  HOURS spent on the phone, talking with agents who promised to transfer me to their Supervisor, but who instead switched me back into the general call incoming 'pool'  wherein I had to Start ALL-OVER-AGAIN with a new agent, describing the issues, and trying to find an iota of justice.   More DAYS spent trying to get rid of these bottom feeding losers.  BUT, it's even WORSE !!! They automatically put my account into 'COLLECTIONS and then more clueless scammers calling, trying to collect monies on a NON-EXISTING account.STAY AWAY from these low life brain dead liars, and scum.  They cheat, steal, and scam the innocent public.    OTHER carriers are FAR more professional and courteous.  T-Mobile will NEVER achieve even a minimal level of professionalism.Please NO DOT blame me when you get 'burned' by these low life scum."
"Ordered a phone on the 6th of December as a Christmas present to be delivered to the store, and the email said it would be in the store in two days, Still waiting for it to be delivered, I have rung Vodafone multiple times to no avail keep getting told should be with them in within five days. I have never had a problem with an order like this before I am upset and stressed about the whole thing"
"A tmobile store ""gave"" me a ""free"" phone when I renewed a contract.  The tmobile store illegally signed me up for a new line, which is why  the phone was free.  When I cancelled the illegally added line, I had to pay $500 for the phone.  Now the phone can not even be unlocked even though it is paid for and my account is in good standing (for 14 years).  Time to make a FTC complaint and get a new carrier. I have spent over 10 hours talking to support and supervisor's in at least 10 different calls, the latest (and last) being today.  They are truly incompetent."
"Vodafone is the worst network provider. It transmits a very low-quality signal to my house. I need to move rooms to locate a signal to make a call. When I contacted, they informed me that I had a poor connection in my home area and advised me to enable home wifi for phone calls. When I indicate I want to cancel, their early termination cost exceeds the whole value of the remainder of my contract. Totally untrustworthy business. The most costly source, the lowest quality, and they never take responsibility for cancellation. I am paying more money to obtain better service than the other providers, but I am receiving really poor service while paying more. Not fair. I will never use Vodafone and never recommend it to my friends. And will inform anybody about their unjust corporate policy. I can't believe their answer is to make calls using my home wifi as a provider."
"This is the the worst app I am so sorry I got involved with T-Mobile home Internet.It is constantly getting disconnected. I'm trying to watch a movie and all of a sudden it starts filtering you can't stay connected long enough to watch a full movie.Their Wi-Fi is horrible I went out today using directions I get halfway there and I'm stranded because their T-Mobile Wi-Fi just disappeared and I had nothing I didn't know where I was going they weren't even on my list of connections, they completely disappeared off my phone.I was only 10 minutes away from my home and they're saying that there wi-fi can only go so far, this is ridiculous. They are the worst worst app for internet. Like I said there's not a program I can watch fully without being disconnected.I'm trying to surf the Internet or play some word games you can't do it because it's so slow you get so frustrated you give up."
Do not sign up for ATT. At least not in the Jersey Shore area. Goes off line so much I had to buy a cheap phone from Verizon to use when ATT is off line. I've asked hundreds of people in the problem areas and all have same issue. Even people with the most expensive phones. Must be tower problems. And they won't let you out of the contract. Super frustrating!! Reviews asks for date of bad experience but it's every single day. Even if I dont go out.
Terrible experience the CSR show no empathy and are rude
"Paid my bill on time every month for nearly 4 years. Prices have been put up multiple times and never complained. We've come to cancel as we're moving home and we're being forced to pay a petty ""disconnection"" fee which Vodafone refuse to waive. It's absolutely bonkers that after 4 years, they still charge you this ridiculous petty fee just to cancel the service. What a scam."
No back up when needed.  I moved broadband to Vodafone and Openreach came to install cables.  The first engineers didn't do a good job and cable broke on the second day with internet not working.  Another team was called.  The internet is working but the cable was dug up .... maybe by foxes and loops upwards in the front garden instead of being attached along the garden wall as discussed.  Trying to get anyone to organise has been impossible.  The sales team were great when it came to selling the product but don't trust the backup - behind the scenes is abysmal.
Got scammed. Internet did not work. Customer service is extremely lame. Store employees do not have authority
"Walked into T-mobile 1491 W Mason St, Green Bay, WI 54303 with a phone I bought offline ready to buy a plan and start service.  The two employees there never acknowledged me so I took a seat and waited for a half hour while the employees continued to pretend I didn't exist so I finally left.  The next day, my husband took the phone there and the same guy who was working yesterday claimed he couldn't hook this phone up with service, he was completely aloof and very unhelpful.  I took the phone to a different T-mobile store a few blocks away and they hooked it up, no problem.  That location is notoriously subpar and I wonder how it stays open with those kind of employees."
Useless customer services in Winchester!!Went in to ask about my broadband wanted my name and postcode told me i had no broadband with them .. i did !! Asked about my account said i needed picture id !? I had my work id with name and picture !! Not good enough !? Poor service and time to leave !! Was looking for reassurance got exactly the opposite 🤡
Poot internetImpossible to speak to anyone if you have a problem
AT&T is a joke. All they are interested in is making a sale. They were supposed to pot a number. Three different agents canceled the other agent deal to redo it for themselves. Got all my personal info social security number drivers license number although I ordered no equipment. I had my own phone. I wanted a landline and was told they didn’t have landlines and cellular service would better. I had been transferred different departments any given different numbers to call. Most of the representatives didn’t understand English and repeat the same thing. I requested a supervisor and I was told they were sitting next to them assisting with the call twice. The last time I called I insisted on speaking with a supervisor and was on hold just to speak with another agent. They are bad business. I love Verizon best customer service and if they could port the number I NEVER would have called AT&T for ANYTHING!! FYI the number requested was a Bell South landline. Company was bought out by AT&T. I called to cancel and the agent was rude just hung up after I asked if all my information is removed out of their system.
"I was talked into signing the 5G next plan ($180/mo) to get 2 new phones and and several rebates.It turns out $300 of that rebate was no long valid at the time T-Mobile offered me the rebate, and their customer service rep even applied the rebates for me. After 4 months, I check the status of the rebates and they were denied since, again those rebates were dated.T-Mobile is only willing to make up 50% of my loss on rebate.I cannot trust their sales person or the customer service rep that applied the rebates for me. I will be switching services."
"Put something on an account with out account holder consent.ResultVulnerable adult whose bills are up to date us stranded with no servicesCant access email, online banking because of the stupid idiotic lack of service from your jobs worth teamsAbsolute disgraceful but an apology makes it okayWill be removing everything from you tools"
"Last fall, my husband added a line to my phone, so total was 2 lines.Then T-mobile kept charging me 3 line for 12 monthes and I haD to call monthly for correct bill even they said bill fixed. So I cancelled one line at November 2024 before the bill due day. then they charge me $160.01 for one line. before was $50 per line. last month I got the refund, this month they charge me again the same extra bill. I have to call the bank to dispute. don't waste your time on this SCAM company !!!"
"I was with Sprint for a long time, they switched to TMobile. While I was with Sprint I fully paid off every phone I had and always did the trade in to upgrade. If I would have known they would take the phone, and the offer they gave me, when life changed and I switched companies to something cheaper I would have never traded in my phones. I would have just sold them on my own. I lost $400, please learn from my mistake."
"Signed up to broadband in October, the engineer didn’t ask where I’d like the cable to run. The cable looked ridiculous and I asked them to remove it for that reason, the neighbour complained it was on her property and the fact it had damaged my 3 month old render. Refused to do anything about it so cancelled after 3 days. I’m now receiving debt collection letters for £60. Would be laughable if I wasn’t about to remortgage and wasn’t ignored by the complaints department. See you in court Vodafone."
"I was trying to take advantage of the plans through Costco offering new phones signed up for him, and after four hours at the kiosk and talking to multiple customer service reps at their 833 number I was ready to throw all the phones through one of the TVs at Costco. Worst customer service ever, I was hopeful after 17 year hiatus from AT&T. Their customer service has improved. It’s only gotten worse. Do not do business with them."
I was talking with a customer service manager about resolving a bill issue and they were going to help out if I made a specific payment which I did and they were going to follow up the next business day to finish the agreement by that time they went and deducted the original payment which ended up to 460 total and been trying to rectify the situation but not getting anywhere no matter who I speak with in customer service they all basically say we don't care.
Highly do not recommend I went into Currys to set up was told 2 weeks it’s been almost a month now and only today I got told I would be delayed a further 3 days I called to cancel and they tell me they can’t over the phone and i need to go to the showroom to do so
"This place is a joke, I purchased a new device and the 1st week it stopped making and receiving calls, text etc., just a phone brick. T mobile said I will need to buy a new phone due to i am past the 15-day buyer's remorse period. So now I am paying for service on a device that I can't use at all. They said they need to send me the same device even though it's documented a bad device from all reviews. I will never use T Mobile service again in my lifetime, I will gladly pay more at ATT or Verizon to get the service I pay for."
"I have been with T-Mobile for 15 years. Originally, I was delighted with them. I recommended all of the people I knew to them. However, well before covid, their prices increased and their service decreased. Where before, an issue could be resolved with a call to customer service within minutes, the last dozen calls I have made have required multiple calls that take anywhere from 30 - 90 minutes to get a human being. Most recently, I received a $300 charge for a piece of supplemental equipment I had used since they did not have coverage in the location of my rural home and workplace, which I returned when I moved to the city. That return was not documented, and now, six years later, I am being informed of the misfile  technology that I returned."
"Horrendous service. Horrendous customer service. One even told me to ""mind my words"" when I said the service was rubbish. The router drops connection all the time. Even in the same room. Only got this because virgin don't cover our area. Cancelled."
"Manager at the Longview, Washington store treats the employees poorly with great disrespect.  Also, the iPad I purchased didn’t work, the techs tried to resolve and they charged me a restocking fee because I had to return it.  I would have kept the iPad if it would be operational but is worthless if it won’t work.   They shouldn’t charge you restocking fees on defective merchandise."
"I wouldn't give it any stars if it were an option. The worst company ever! It was my biggest mistake to take the contract again with them. Since upgrading to Full Fibre 2 in May, I have unresolved broadband issues. The connection frequently drops, and the speeds are too slow for me to work or for my children to complete their homework.I have spent a significant amount of time on calls with Vodafone customer service, explaining the problem repeatedly and following all suggested troubleshooting steps. Despite the time and energy I’ve invested, the issue remains unresolved, and the promised service quality has not been delivered. I asked for a cancellation, and they want to charge me £100s for early exit."
Having moved over from Virgin Media the initial move for the broadband went well. But the phone line took a couple of days as expected But the new digital phone line will only let you answer calls from mobiles or other digital lines. Anyone using an old analogue line get number unavailable tone. Customer services have been called every day and after 10 days it is still not working. Awful product and service.
they stole my 40.00 said my account was suspended .all I did was replace my phone they were no help setting it up told me to bring it in 45 miles away when I got there they said I had to set it up on line ---had to pay again get a new number--ass holes
"The customer service rep at Walmart, her name was kristina on sigmon road here in Wilmington, did a lot of talking, and not much of it was true at all. I went through hell for a week returning the phone getting the invalid expired contract null and void, which you would think it already would be since it had expired two days prior to when I signed it. But she took my phone and did all sorts of accounts without my knowledge, and literally turned my life upside down for a week. Do not under any circumstances go with AT&t if you value your money, your hard work, your time etc.. it is not worth it, go with another phone carrier!Date of experience: October"
"At&T cut our copper lines 5 months ago without reason or warning leaving us without phones or internet. We are a small family business. They cost is over $10,000 in loss of sales and created a nightmare of a situation. After months of trying to call them they refuse to fix the situation by restoring our service. We have not been able to pay our bills without internet because our credit cards did not go through. AT&T cut our service, refuses to restore it, forcing us to go to Comcast. Now, AT&T refuses to port over our phone number we've had for 40 years. I would like an explanantion"
"Internet went down for no apparent reason so I contacted customer service (useless chatbot) that went between telling me to turn it off and on and telling me there's an outage in the area (there wasnt). Scheduled a tech for following day and of course they failed to show in the FOUR HOUR window and the ""customer rep"" tood me the have no idea why the tech is late or where they are. Beyond pathetic and incompetent customer service."
"On 9/18- I tried to upgrade my Google pixel 6 pro to a Samsung Galaxy 24+ online. I had problems, so I had to contact AT&T via chat. They called me and did the entire transaction including payment. It went easy and I received the phone on 9/23. I did my data transfer and put in my sim card on 9/25, immediately my account was shut down at 6:15pm. I didn't understand what happened, so I had to use another cell phone to contact AT&T. It took 20 mins to get a rep on the line.She went through my acct, saw I owed nothing (I always pay my bills on time) and then asked me if I reported a lost/stolen phone. I told her no. She asked me if I had the Google pixel 6 pro and Samsung 24+ phones in front of me and I told her yes. She said ok, but she couldn't fix my acct she would have to transfer me to technical support. This took 45 mins.Technical support came on the line and started interrogating me. He asked me where I bought the phone, how did I do the transaction, when did I get it. I had to read the EID numbers off each phones and then he put me on hold, then he came back to ask me more questions. At this point I got upset, I told him to review their records since AT&T did the transaction, they sold me the phone, they sent me the phone, they should have everything in their records so stop interrogating me and look everything up. He put me on hold again and eventually came back on the line to tell me, he is sorry- on Sept. 17th; the phone they sent me was reported stolen. However, it was taken back to the store and then sent to me. When I put my sim card in the phone, it shut down my account since now it looked like I stole the phone.I told him, ok how are you going to fix this since I also use my phone for work. This is unacceptable. It took him another 25 mins to get my acct on line, so my sim card could work in my old phone. I had to drop the ""stolen phone"" to the UPS store so they could receive it(on 9/26).I called them today, 9/30. Another process getting them on the phone. Another issue getting them to recognize that they now have the ""stolen phone"" which they have now even started to process. The phone is still on my acct. Even though they admit this is completely their fault once again, I can't get a new phone or have anything done for another 7 days. Then, they will give me back my money and I will have to redo the process again myself.Throughout this entire process, all I'm getting is empty apologies. No recourse for their actions. Since they will not send me the phone I actually paid for, they will have to refund my money. They will not re-send me the samsung 24+ phone, because even though they admit they sent me the ""stolen phone,"" on my account it looks like I used a stolen phone; therefore now even once they clear it, they can't do anything.I don't want anything to do with a company that treats customers like criminals, when the company makes a mistake. Once I get my money, I'm going to Verizon or Team Mobile. Just wanted to let the public know. Great customer support AT&T, you really show much you value our time and business."
Just a home WiFi and phone cellular data like a snail never run anything can’t do anything with it everything are bad
"This Is absolutely amazing. You would think that the higher-ups would read these reviews-umm I don’t think so. If they did, this would not continue which shows me. This is just exercise in frustration. I guess it’s just more Cathartic  Dan anything. I’ll also switch from T-Mobile to AT&T. I upgrade on my old phone 2 my new iPhone. They Quoted me a very nice but my bill does not reflect that. When I contact them on messenger, they were incredibly nice. But unfortunately, I had a very hard time accessing their chats. When I did it went to AI which is pretty much useless in this case and frustrating. So I And calling them. Even though I had my page open and my bill out on my account counter number, they still wanted my password.I told them I use a thumbprint and I have no idea. What is it anymore. They wanted me to change my pass code which I was not going to do and even though I had all the other information, they would not help me with my Bill until I couldn’t verify my password. I finally just gave up n frustration and figure  it out And we’ll figure on my own.￼ They kept saying they are here to help me with sounded really good, but in practice that was not gonna happen. I think I want to look for another company. Like I said, it’s just an exercise in frustration and I’m sure management does read this. And believe me, this is not a bot obviously"
I would use a walkie talkie before going with AT&T again. Expensive and service is awful. They want to charge late fees but will not send me my bill. I have to go looking for it.
"This company has the worst ""support"" service for wireless I've ever encountered. Handed from one incompetent agent to the next, while having to explain the purpose of the request each time, ultimately led to being dumped back into a general call queue. Entire process took 4 hours with zero progress and wasted the time of another carrier trying to assist as well. I would NEVER consider using this company's service, ever. ZERO stars is the correct number."
"The Home Broadband team are a total joke. Originally I was with PlusNet and had an Openreach engineer booked 4th Oct. On the 4th Openreach couldn't be bothered to come in the afternoon as agreed, and arrived at 9am which I couldn't do. I cancelled PlusNet and went with Vodafone and waiting until 18th for an Openreach engineer which was booked 8am - 1pm. This time they didn't arrive at all.Openreach won't speak to me they say speak to my provider.Vodafone advise online chat, however that keeps timing me out as I only have 1 bar of Vodafone mobile reception and keep loosing connection.I spoke to Vodafone over the phone, they said until the engineer filed his report they won't help me. The fact the engineer hasn't been and there is no report doesn't seem to be something they want to accept.A day later Vodafone called to say the reason the two visits failed is because the engineer can't get hold of me by phone on the day of the visits, but as I don't have WiFi calling until the engineer visits we find ourselves in a catch 22 situation. How can Openreach expect me to both have a working connection to telephone me when the purpose of them coming is to fix me connection.Vodafone also tried to tell me that Openreach, the UKs largest telephone comms company doesn't actually have any phones that support incoming calls so neither they nor me can speak to Openreach.   This is like Pizza Hut trying to tell you they don't have Pizzas!I am now set up successfully with Sky Broadband. Unlike Vodafone, they had staff who were willing to have a conversation with Openreach and the engineer visited without issue."
"6 months ago I decide to have a vodafone contract because the indoor signal was good after I checked it on the website. Everything was OK( 5g worked OK, not the 4g) until 2 weeks ago when my indoor signal dropped to 0 and now I am not able to make call and use Internet when I am home. I contacted the customer service and they said there was some work in my area and everything would be back to normal after the 9th of October. Today is 10 and I am still not able to use my phone when I am home. Very disappointed for now. LOCATION IS South West London."
Vodafone have associated an incorrect phone number to my account and will therefore not allow me to access it online or via the phone. I fear the only way around this is simply to leave the company as despite answering half a dozen other security questions they refuse to allow access to the account.
I ordered a broadband package from this company and made appointment to deliver the equipment 4 times but did not arrive.  Eventually after numerous phone calls it did and when I complained their response was it arrived on date of switch over.I wasted 4 days and no one cared will never buy from this company again
I've been a customer with AT&T for more than seven years. And they won't let me split my payments monthly.
Just bought into Voda phoneLand line has never worked Wifi poor and defenatly worse that my last provider.Called the one line then a phone call kept asking me to plug in my spare land line phone to test teh line . Who keeps a spare land line phone. She eventualy hung up . I still need help
"Ordered broadband. Received a call the next day there was a problem with the order, they needed to cancel it. Just redo the order. Did everything, got all emails and text notifications. Then no one shows up for installation.Ask customer services- they respond that it was cancelled because the order didn't go through. What does this mean? They don't know I should call another department. Honestly absolutely shocking won't be ever using them for broadband. What a joke"
"In my opinion, T-Mobile is the worst customer service I have ever dealt with. Sprint was transferred to Tmobile. I’ve noticed that anytime I call it’s always a 2 to 3 hour ordeal to get anything fixed, that’s if they fix it at all.My advice to anyone switching to a different plan is be prepared to pay quite a bit of money because they do not keep track of the account that you’re transferring your plan from. They don’t even know how to look it up. We switched from our business account to a 55+ account and without our knowledge they put it into a plus premium which charged us $60 more a month. Took hours to get that fixed. Also, after switching the account to the 55+ plan I paid it immediately but little to my knowledge did I know that the previous plan we were on had also billed us  Which is OK but they did not tell us about it and I found out that it was going to be turned over to collection. Tmobile needs to put all their billing access together rather than separately. When switching over the account, they did not tell us that we still owed money on our pre-contracted phones, which caused my phone to be locked so I could not even transfer to a different service without going through all the hassle of calling over and over. When I found out that we owed money for our contract phones, I immediately paid that and it still took hours and hours and hours of calling to get my phone unlocked, I am no longer a T-Mobile customer, but I would say that is the worst customer service that I have ever had to deal with. I would not recommend TMobile to anyone."
There over the phone support is horrid. 2 hours to get refunded for a mistake they made and they tried to get me off the phone and not refund me several times before finally escalating it.
"this is the worst internet I have ever use, every time I want to play a game with my friends the internet sucks, if you have other options for internet chose them."
they are not reliable  billed me for service i didn't have refuses to refund me. i'm on a fixed income and they keep giving me excuses.
"T-Mobile has deceptive trade practices, fraudulent ads and guarantees which they do not honor, and their websites and customer service agents lie.I thought you folks would be interested in the recent experience I had with T-Mobile.Having spotty cell service with our current cell carrier, I was looking at competitive services on my smartphone on April 6 and I came across T-Mobile. Their pricing is quite competitive. I then came across a feature on their phone accessed web site that pushed me to try them.The Go Back Guarantee: On the phone version of their website, they had a large ad, “You'll love it here, guaranteed. With our new $50 Go Back Guarantee, if you're not satisfied within 30 days, you can switch back to your old carrier and get $50 for every voice line. Via virtual prepaid Master card. Allow 5 weeks for card. Get full terms (hyperlink)”The Go Back Guarantee Full Terms: “You'll love it here, guaranteed. Contact us before cancelling or porting out line(s) to request payout. Limited time offer; subject to change. Port-in voice line from postpaid plan w/ eligible carrier (i.e., AT&T, Verizon, Spectrum, Claro, Liberty, Xfinity or US Cellular), and port-out to eligible carrier within 30 days of T-Mobile line activation required. Account must be in good standing (e.g., final bill paid) to receive virtual prepaid MasterCard (no cash access & expires in 6 months). Up to 12/account. One offer per subscriber. Not available for customers that cancelled T-Mobile service within the past 90 days. Card is issued by Sunrise Banks N.A., Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Mastercard(sic) International Incorporated. Use of this card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated in the Cardholder Agreement.”I showed my wife and her sister this guarantee and they agreed it was worth a try.I went to their store on April 7 and got their service.By April 11, it was evident T-Mobile wasn't working for us.I went to the store who told me to contact Customer Care by phone.The Customer Care agent eventually handed me over to a supervisor who repeated what the CC agent was telling me, “This guarantee promotion didn't start until today (April 11) and cannot be honored for service purchased prior.” The supervisor claimed he didn't see the Go Back Guarantee on the website even though I told him where it was within the web site to see it, but he claimed he didn't see it.  He said T-Mobile could not honor the guarantee.  Per the guarantee, I had yet to cancel T-Mobile, nor had I started service with another carrier.Since then, the guarantee has been removed from the desktop website, though it still exists on the phone website.  Regardless, T-Mobile refuses to back up the advertised guarantee.Per T-Mobile's advertised guarantee, they owe me $100 (for two lines), a guarantee they refuse to honor.How many others have had the 'promotion' not start until AFTER their service has started???"
Just spent an hour trying to update my cell phone address on line and couldn’t figure out how to do so so I gave up. Called AT&T only to spend 25 minutes with the rep who finally changing my address. Then spend over an hour trying to have the rep (who had NO clue) explain how I could do this myself and was TOTALLY confused with his explanation so I asked for a supervisor. Was Hung up on thee times by the rep (who called back) while waiting over 45 minutes which felt like a delay tactic. Never spoke with ANY supervisor and never got another call back on the last hang up
Just about to join Vodaphone broadband but after reading these reviews will stay well aware of this company - they should be ashamed oftheir poorservice.
"I have been trying to unlock one of my cell phones that I purchased at AT&T. The unlock was entered incorrectly and there is a network lock. I have been waiting over 5 days for this to get fixed only to find out today I will need to get to an at&t store to get a sims card to enter the unlock code. they could have told me that on Monday but waited until now. I have canceled my account with them. And I will be billed a full months service + a cancellation fee. This is a very bad company to do any business with. They are ruthless, unelthical, immoral and shameless. Once they are in your pockets ... it takes a lot of patience to remove their hands! One important piece of advise: never ever take a sales persons information as having any credibilty from at&t or any other provider. They will lie to you and find excuses - I think they provide the staff with a list to use."
"On October 7, 2023 I went to a T-Mobile store located at 100 Viewmont Mall 842, Scranton, PA 18508. I went into the store and HUNTER helped me. Hunter told me about a promotion and a trade in value. Hunter asserted to me and multiple other people including the account owner that the promotion they were running was for $350.00 PLUS IN ADDITION the trade in value of the old phone which was valued at $260.00 for a total of $610.00 being applied to the new phone making the installment payments a total of $24.58 monthly. On October 12, 2023 the phone was received and I was to do the deferred trade in for the old phone. Went to a T-mobile store near home and was told that the information I had was inaccurate and I should call the store that provided that information. On October 14, 2023, I spoke to a representative named Jennifer over the phone (recorded calls) and explained the situation, she promised me a call back Monday October 16, 2023. THIS CALL NEVER OCCURRED BECAUSE SHE NEVER CALLED ME On October 16, 2023 after failure by Jennifer to call me back I called again and was transferred to Nadia another rep. I explained the situation to her and because of the situation she sent me to her Supervisor Danielle. Danielle said that there was nothing they could do to honor the price the EMPLOYEE gave me on October 7, 2023. T-mobile's employee misrepresented the terms of the promotion to MULTIPLE PEOPLE IN RELIANCE THE MISREPRESENTED TERMS THE AGREEMENT WAS AGREED TO TMOBILE DOES NOT WANT TO TAKE ACCOUNTABILITY FOR THERE OWN EMPLOYEE'S ERRORS. To put into context, there was misinformation provided by TMOBILE'S EMPLOYEE who they TRAIN and who they are RESPONSIBLE FOR. As a result of the inaccurate information my payments are higher for the new phone then what was represented to me on October 7, 2023. I tried to speak with TMOBILE and they refuse to rectify the situation saying they cannot do anything about it. After 13 years I believe it is time to leave."
I just didnt like the service!!
"Worst phone carrier ever, do not waste your time. I switched from Verizon for 8 days, had the most horrible phone service I’ve ever experienced, called in to switch back and was told my four lines were closed out and no balance on the account. A month later I receive a phone call from T-Mobile saying I owe $246, as I’ve called in and spoke to someone and their manager they refuse to make it right and because it wasn’t closed out properly (somehow that’s my fault) they are leaving a balance on the account until I pay it. I will never be using T-Mobile for the rest of my life and I don’t recommend it for anyone."
"**""T-Mobile SCAM - Broken Promises on Promotions!""**I recently switched to T-Mobile after they called and offered me an incredible deal: $45 per line for four lines, plus four brand-new iPhone 16s if I traded in our existing phones (all newer than iPhone 12 Pro models). This promotion was the only reason I switched over.However, after I joined, T-Mobile conveniently ""couldn't honor"" the promised deal. They claimed the best they could do was $500 off each phone, despite having all the recordings of our conversation. I feel completely scammed by T-Mobile’s bait-and-switch tactics. Be wary of any promotions they promise on the phone—what you hear may not be what you get!"
Disgusting company! Advisor said I will get charged £65 been charged £101. Awful! Wish I left!
"Customer Care is shocking, awful experience with them after cancelling broadband,  they try to send you more bills, unnecessary hassle off them, charge you £5 when you've cancelled direct debit but when they go on to make mistakes all you get is the famous sorry.0 out of 10Useless company"
"I have been an AT&T customer for 25 years or so.I have finally reached the end of the line with them. The wireless network speeds have really taken a nosedive in the areas where i work and live. I have compared my speeds with coworkers with same model phones their through puts was 300-400bps and mine was 80-100. ATT store said normal for this area. Wife gets new I-watch with cell data. We go to add watch data plan to our acct and they said there is a hold on our acct. We are delinquent on $1,500. I said impossible never have been and the balance due on acct was $0. They said i have to go through fraud dept and get a police report and prove it is not mine. Next day check my credit I have a default and is in collections. I have never received any notice from ATT or a collection agency. So, 25 yrs of being a customer and an acct that has never been late on a payment has to prove that it is not my debt. Because ATT did not do its due diligence in protecting my account and confirming the identity of a person making a fraudulent purchase on my account. I will be changing from ATT. Their blatant disregard for their customer will cost them more than they are saying I owe them. At $500/month it is there loss. So steer away from ATT would be my suggestion my friend. Sorry to get long winded.Signed Aggravated & Frustrated."
AT&T used to be very goodI’m with them since 2015Now they just charge you things for no reason and not refunding you unjustified chargesI’m done with them !
"Extremely Disappointed with Vodafone’s Device Care Plan ServiceI am beyond frustrated with Vodafone’s Device Care Plan. My iPhone’s display had a problem, so I took it to Vodafone for repair, expecting it to be covered under my plan. However, despite multiple visits, they refused to repair my phone and kept making excuses. I ended up having to pay £389 to get it fixed at the Apple Store, when, according to my Device Care Plan, Vodafone should have handled it for free.I trusted Vodafone to honor the plan, but their lack of assistance and poor customer service has left me extremely disappointed. If you’re considering Vodafone’s Device Care Plan, be aware that it may not offer the support you expect, and you might be forced to pay out of pocket for repairs that should be covered."
"I have been a loyal customer for nearly 20 years. Renewed my contract via vodafone website. Website thought I was a new customer after I said I wasn't then set me up with a second airtime plan so now I am paying two airtime plans. I am four days, three chat calls, four phone calls and over 4 hours wasted with no resolution. Every customer service person is clueless. Still no resolution and they keep undoing each others work in trying to resolve this. Was first told it could take 2 hours to resolve, then 24 and latest call said 72 hours. All the time I am paying for two contracts and stuck on a pay as you go contract with no data. Absolutely dreadful service. Loyalty to this brand means nothing."
T-Mobile really sucks. They gave me a price for two internets at $60 a month. Three people from the store said that a week later I get a bill from them for $90. I haven't even done my trial. And they're already charging me. So I go back in the store to say it's supposed to be only $60. Will I get a different guy? And he says oh those people were misinformed. They didn't know the sale went off so they wouldn't honor it. So I brought my stuff back before I even finished my trial.. called them to get my $90 back and you have to have a PIN number so I had to go back to the store and figure out what my PIN number was. Finally a month later they send me out a statement saying that I have a credit of $52 which is BS. So I call him to tell him no. You owe me $90. They can't help me because I need a PIN number which I don't have which I don't know. So they can't help me at all. I have to go back to the store to get a PIN number. If you're thinking about using T-Mobile don't please don't
No disrespect to att cuz sometimes the speeds are good but wth is up with these speeds it was pretty solid 9-12 ping and. Now it 75-245 this is some 💩 experience
Staff very helpful but systems a complete joke. Kept crashing. Took over an hour to upgrade two Sums and buy a phone… terrible experience for a “tech” company…
"Keep your other services! I regret dropping Tmobile! My bill is never the same. It goes up and up. Also once direct tv merged with them forget it. I use to love direct TV but not anymore. I had my service suspended and it was turned on without any updated warning, no email no nothing. They charged me a whole month I never used. They refused to take it off and said there is no way to confirm I didn't use it. Like seriously do you not have access to see my usage. Basically insinuating I'm a liar!! Stay away! I regret it all the time!"
One hour holds. Not helping customers with their issues. This is the T-Mobile way.
"I have 4 lines withT-Mobile last year and I was paying $132.00 dollars. In Dec 23. we decided that it was a time to buy 2 new phones, which we did.  I trade in my I phone, but my husband could not because it was broken.  They gave me a $1000.00 for my phone and have to paya 799.00 for my husbands.  So we were expected to pay $35.00 extra for 24 months.  Remember I was paying $132.00 a month for 4 lines, but at that time I did canceled 1 line because we did not needed it anymore So now I only have 3 lines, the guy at the store told me that I would only have to pay for the the telephones and that my monthly payments were going to be 167.99. Which we agreed to it.  But when January came my bill was 232.+, no where near what the guy told me. So I called T Mobile, waited about an hour in the phone for an answer and finally when I got the person on line she was rude, no help at all, and she told me that that was what I signed for and was stuck with it whether I liked it or not.  My opinion about T-mobile, they tell you one thing at the store to get your business, but the reality is another,  and that is how T.Monile fraud their customers out of their money.  This is the way this organization works because the same thing happened to me two years ago. So please be in the look out for this T-Mobile organization because there is never an special with them, they will lure in with this promotions that don't work and you get stuck with a big bill. Their customer service is not good and on top of it they work from some where in Lala land and sometimes you don't understand what they said."
"AVOID VODAFONE!They owe me over £320 compensation due to being unable to connect my broadband on my activation date. BUT.... it's not the money that matters, when people lie to you, it means you don't matter. Choose a better provider."
"My elderly mother has had no broadband or landline service for 4 months.  When she calls Vodafone she is forced to pay for a service that doesn't work, is exhausted and cannot get her service to work. This matter is only going to go one way, to court!  Also what terrible age discrimination in my view."
"Driver blocked my garbage cans, while working on neighbors poles. Why not block the people you’re working for??? Asked driver to move, he refused!!!"
I’m not one to complain often. I like to leave people good reviews. But man oh man everyone needs to run from this company. They will trap you. Save yourself the trouble and buy your own phone and get Straighttalk or something.
"I am extremely disappointed with my experience with Vodafone over the past week following ""upgrading"" my mobile phone.After upgrading on 6th January the courier arrived on 7th and the driver claimed he didn't have the phone and then on the 8th they failed to deliver the phone (DPD strikes again) and then proceeded to return the parcel to Vodafone. Vodafone then received the mobile phone back to the warehouse and despite me being told they would simply send the phone out again they completely cancelled the order and will no longer honour the original deal. They have now unfortunately lost a customer. I was also looking to add additional plans for two of my children over the next two months but I will no longer be willing to do this."
"Long time customer maybe 15+ years been using Vodafone but now Looks like I can get any 4G in a town centre (Exeter) used to be great provider but last 3 years just went down hill. Paying for 5G but got it once when I was in London.  No special offers just bills climbing up, when I asked for better rates answers was that I’m still on a contract nothing can be changedI think it’s time to change providers"
"10,000 ZEROS! I have never, ever been more angry than I am right now. T-Mobile bills change without warning. They changed my services and added extras. I had to call them at least 10 times before I could find anyone that could or would even attempt to understand me.Hours spent talking to human robots that do not do anything to resolve problems by design. The lack of service is unecessarily abusive.They should greet you with: ""Welcome to T-Mobiles foreign-based customer torture chamber; how can we make your day more miserable? Do you enjoy repeating the same words over-and-over-and-over to barely English speaking people? Do you like being stuck in clown world vaccuum where nobody could hear you screaming? If so; T-Mobile is the place to be.That said; globalism reeks and so does T-Mobile."
They deserve no stars!!!! Absolutely horrible service! Can’t even keep with payments always charging for wrong stuff don’t keep up with anything! Here it is the phone bill is split and paid and the service still sucks they absolutely SUCK!!!!!! They also gave a new so called internet air that don’t even work!!!! And then have another internet thing on when it was canceled and kept charging for it!!!! RUN AWAY FROM THIS DUMB COMPANY THEY SUCK
"After 6 years of giving them an opportunity they turned out to be liers and a company that try to make their customers pay for their wrong doing.  Exchanged 2 phones under warranty and insurance and even a third party UPS confirmed it. They kept telling me they would take care of it on their end without interrupting my business for months and not do business like others after confirming the phones receipt (oddly they don't record it on their end, and UPS confirmed delivery) to fix their error trying to charge me over $2,100 for phones that where insured, paid and received, they disconnected/interrupting my services/business and excused this service where I had to call in for months and they would give their confirmation this would not happen, interrupting my time, business and ultimately having a serious negative impact.  Most of the time I traveled all over the US for work as this is a business line, I would often go without service."
T-Mobile are scammers I never had them I don’t know how they got my information but they send me a bill I only have been with Verizon for over 25 years.
I called to get my balance. The representative barely spoke English. He said he couldn't verify me and will not give me any information on my account. I've had the same number for 20 years. I DID understand the part where when I asked he said he was in the Philippines.Shame on you T-Mobile that yououtsource for the sacrifice of quality customer service. I'm looking into another carrier tomorrow!
"On 2 December 2024, I started a customer service call via Vodafone chat system. My current broadband commitment with them was ending. I shared the offers I received from other service providers with their evidence and told them that I wanted to continue with them if they could give the same offer. However, they asked about the phone tariffs used by me and my wife. I said that I was not interested in the telephone line and that I only wanted to get information about broadband. They said that they could not make the same offer.In that case, I asked them to take the necessary action, that I did not want to continue when my contract expired. In the meantime, when the process started to drag on, I told them that I was quite ill and asked them to speed up the process. However, the opposite happened.They told me that I had to submit a service termination request 30 days in advance, that there was an extra period in this case, and that a final invoice would be issued at a non-discounted price at the end of my commitment, which was quite high. They did not back down in any way.Then I realised in the e-mail I received that they had calculated the notice period as 32 days, not 30 days. I informed them about this, and they said that they included days such as bank holidays etc. I objected and they said they would correct it. I said OK.This whole process took 4 hours!I asked them to create file a complaint for this extremely bad customer service experience. They did, but no one ever got back to me.If it takes 4 hours to terminate an internet service even though I state that I am ill, I cannot see any other purpose here other than trying to make the customer regret the out of the service.I will take the matter to the official authorities.Non-FCA Frontline Complaint - 124527284Account number: 7074678879Chat Reference Number: 763192246090689716DATE/TIME: 2024-12-02 15:51:25 - 20:02:50"
"Worst service ever,"
"I signed up with att to have service my mobile hotspot serviced just 8 days ago and decided to cancel it because the wifi service in my house isso weak.  It is a complete nightmare to cancel.  I’ve been ping ponged left and right.  Att should be embaressed for their business practices.  Stay away from ATT, they do not care about service.  I hope they go out of busines!"
Worst co.to be on I been a customer for 16 days n I'm out wy because I go online for a minute n suddenly stops it won't starts back costumer service will not do anything about it so the hell with it back  to  t mobil
"One star because you can give zero.  Switch to T-Mobile about 6 months ago after about 20 years with Verizon.  I was lied to from the beginning, their support people do not know how a cell phone works, if you want to escalate you have to WRITE to them.  They are a technology company and you have to WRITE to them?!?!? On paper?!?!?"
"It's been more than 20 days of me facing the worst Vodafone internet speed in my whole life. In Swansea, my postcode SA1 4LN. It's very frustrating i don't know what to do. So i am going to switch my sim company."
"In essence, they incorrectly charged me, took my money and then said they couldn't do anything to put it right. However, let me take you on a journey of poor customer service:I was billed mid-December for a broadband service that was not even due to be connected until 7 January. I contacted their customer service rep who told me it was a technical error, it would be resolved without me doing any more and they definitely would not take my money.They took my money.I logged on to my account and tried to connect to customer service. It needed to verify who I was (despite me having logged in) and offered to send a verification code. It then refused to send a verification code as I didn't have a Vodfone mobile. Instead I had to enter my account id and password again.I was then through to the AI chatbot - artificial certainly, intelligent not at all. It refused to accept this was a problem it could not resolve and we ended up going round in circles with the dunce bot sending me a copy of the bill several times and insisting it could explain it. In the end, I explicitly asked to be connected with a real person. This is did after a few more inane questions to get me to the ""right"" person.I explained the problem to the real person. Who asked me to confirm that I had no broadband from them. A point they should have known and eventually went on to accept.This took an enormous length of time as the real person replied very slowly (presumably juggling to many enquiries at once). Speed of response was so slow that the dunce bot kept interjecting with threats to terminate the conversation, even though it was the rep that was failing to respond.The rep tried to excuse the charge on the basis that I was paying for a landline connection. For a host of different reasons, this was nonsense. So they lied about not taking the money and then lied about the reason for the charge.Finally, it was acknowledged the bill had been issued in error. I thought light could be seen at the end of the tunnel. However, even though the bill should not have been issued and the money should not have been taken, the rep said they could do nothing about it. They had no power to issue a credit note against the bill or to return my money! This from the person the dunce bot had connected me to because of an ability to resolve billing issues.After fruitless and slow further discussion which just served to make me angry, I asked to be connected to a supervisor/manager. The rep said there was no point as the supervisor had the same powers an would just say the same thing!I asked if there was a formal complaints procedure/contact. This question was not answered.I decided to abandon the call and see, for the first time in my life, whether the direct debit guarantee scheme would offer an avenue to get my money back.I was offered an email with a transcript of the call. I thought this might be useful so accepted. It asked for my email yet again. Unsurprisingly the the transcript was never sent (yes, I checked junk.)In the unlikely event anyone reads this far, sorry for the long review; just needed to get it off my chest.UPDATE: Found their formal complaints procedure. It was impressively efficient and sorted everything out very quickly. It is a shame it had to come to that."
This is YET AGAIN another company that CONSTANTLY attempts to try to overcharge you & come up with CONSTANT crap micro-charges... with a 1.3 rating... they are DAMN LUCKY to be getting any money at all!
I fell for their trick twice. When I’ve gone to the AT&T store and bought a new phone I buy their offer for about $35 so that every time my screen protector needs changing I go in and they change it for eight dollars. That is until they decide to start doing away with the screen protectors and this happens at about two years kind of forcing you into buying your own screen protectors or buying another phone. The $35 offer is a scam as they don’t always have screen protectors that are “covered”. I am so done with AT&T . And whatever you DON’T BUNDLE! This one is their biggest scam!
"BEWARE of AT&T bait and switch tactics are becoming infamous for if you read on Google. I have twice now been bait and switched on two different promos. I’m a long-term 15 year customer with multiple lines. i’ve noticed there’s recent lawsuits on this bait and switch tactic also recently so I guess I’m not the only one who’s experiencing this. One was an advertise special in an AT&T store for $20 for an additional line which they didn’t honor and ended up after I went to the BBB speaking with their so-called office of the president. What a joke to resolve their reason for not honoring it the store shouldn’t have been advertising the promo. It was not going on, but yet they take no accountability. Number two promo was upgrade your iPhone with trade-in, my spouse and I did this. They honored mine and not my spouses continuing to charge him full price every month, not giving him the credit that he was supposed to get for his turned in device. I have fought with them over this for over a year through the BBB and the so-called office of the president again it’s a joke this office of the president reps have lied to me each time I talk to them about the resolution there never was a resolution, and they lie in states there were. any problems with your AT&T bill can never be handled with customer service at AT&T because every employee is not educated and tells you a different story and tells you they can’t handle it. You then have to go to the BBB who is very good about submitting the complaint with them and AT&T contact you back right away through the so-called office of the president which totally lies to you and tells you they’ll resolve it. It has been a nightmare for over a year and a half and they have cost me thousands of dollars taking advantage of hard-working people who only take advantage of the promo. and then our bait and switched this should be illegal and they have no accountability. I’m now being forced to take them to court. i would suggest steer clear of AT&T as they literally lie to make money off you."
Had £20 in there waiting for next month suprise disappears day before what a joke no contact number to speak to a human
"At&t I will never do any business with this company again. I thought I wanted at&t, set up at the store.  Got home and had only one bar of service.  I need my cellphone,  so 4 days later went to verizon,  had att for four days, explained to att the problem of no service.  And yet still changed me $125.30 it was too 👎 bad you asked for it.Sorry Sorry. When you live on social security it hurts.I hope your happy ATT"
I was lied to by AT&t twice when I got a phone and was told that I could return it and get a full refund. I signed up at the Walmart kiosk with a AT&t employee who lied to me and said that I want it be billed at all since I returned the phone I was unhappy within 4 days and canceled service and I still had to pay close to a $10 bill 30 days later. Another lie that the AT&t representative told was that he explained to me after I returned the phone I want to be able to sign up with AT&t again for 6 months which is okay I hope I never have to use them again but it was still another lie
"If I could give 0 star or negative, I would.Customer Service sucks. Signal sucks. Overpriced service.I paid my phone in full but I could not get my phone unlocked. And it has been more than 7 days. I called customer care 5 times and they all are asking me to wait another 72 hours and put escalation ticket each time. But nothing has resolved.Who gives Tmobile the right to hold my phone hostage for weeks while I have paid my phone in full?Boycott the company!"
I shut off my service. Transferred two of four numbers and paid off my contract.The store did not tell me I had to contact the “loyalty” dept. To shut off the other two numbers.They also did not give me guidance on how to unlock the phone. I had to purchase another phone and they pulled 200 more out of my account.Said I had to pay 98.00 for two lines unusedI told them that I had an 800 credit score. That wasn’t going to take me out.But they said I could have went on vacation for a month and not used the phone. 🙄
"Oh my, where to start? Just for them to install the internet (confirmation of the time and date) and for me to register my account, I had to contact them repeatedly for 2-3 days, like 10-15 times. NO support received ""in the system it seem right"", ""I cannot guarantee"", ""you have to download the APP to register an online account"", ""we don't know how to register an acoount from the browser"" etc... what even was that? never have i ever seen a company so incompetent"
"I had no option for zero stars so they got one. I have been with AT&T 30 yrs and never switched. In Jan. I brought my business number over from comcast landline to att cellular. I’ve had this number for 35 years and is the only number for my business. They managed to set my account up totally wrong. I thought the payments were set up on autopay with my 5 other personal lines. Well it wasn’t and the account never received a payment. Then they shut service off in May. I received a collection bill in June. I never received a paper statement, email, text or phone call tellin me my account was in arrears. I didn’t realize service was shut out ff because 100% of my phone calls were forwarded to my personal line. After I paid the bill they told me to go into a store and activate my account. Well they gave my number away to some data plan. I asked if I could get my 30 yr old business number back and they said they can’t but offered me a $200 credit to activate a new line."
Bad service coustomer relationsBad 7 years was a coustomer got my lPac code today will be search around for a new provider making sure its not 3G aswell as they have morged
"Waste of time, filled out the online form for vodafone essentials broadband to be told someone will contact me within 5 days, no contact received after 7 days, filled form out again but still no contact. Contacted online chat but they said they can not help advised to call customer service, called the call centre and was told nothing we can do sorry, do you want to take out full price broadband instead, No ! If this is you're level of poor service before i join i might as well not bother and save myself the hassle. What a joke of a company !"
if you like spending extortionate price for mobile data that never works then this is the provider for you
"Went on chat to cancel my broadband since I am now redundant I need a cheaper contract, I was persauded by them to start a new lower priced one, but after they had confirmed the order. The representative went through the annual increase which amounted to effectively a16:67% increase in fees after only 5 months.. unimpressed so I said forget it.. after 3 1/4 hours I transferred again to a 4th person! And he told me it could be cancelled as it was “beyond he point of no return” WTF!!! Representative refused my request to escalate. Even when I pointed out the law requires a 14 day cooling off notice… and effectively just told me to ring in!! Then after I pointed out the law to him he…. Transferred me back to the original department!….. at that point I waited in another queue…The chat essay was now a good 10 min read.Who said they couldn’t do a cancellation and sent me on to a 6th person. Who finally worked out that the 1st person had done an immediate change which no one else was able to reverse… how appalling.4hrs 25 mins of my time I will not get back!"
Companies a THIEF helping themselves with other people's bank accounts after REFUSING to issue a confirmation number.. after I've been a customer for 15 years..spend your money elsewhere.. would NEVER recommend..
"Signed up for full fibre ,open reach connected us but no router provided .call centres useless and upgraded issue as a complaint . Third router now being sent but won't arrive before Monday. I note vodaphone use twitter etc for contact ,I don't use any of that stuff. Have been promised compy but need a router ! Might cancel the contract."
Terrible experience I’m with them for the last 12 years.I added an internal bundle and they charged me loads of money afterwards.Spoke today to a representative called Tando.I’m waiting on the phone now to speak to a manager as I’m thinking of leaving all of their products because of the dishonest charges and the attitude of that lady.O2 are more accurate and honest never had issues with them.
"T Mobile SUCKS. Worst thing I ever did switching. Dropped calls when in 5 bar service area, texts that never get delivered or people tell me they sent a text and I never get them. It's not random either, poor service all the time."
"ATT has the worst customer service in their stores I have ever experienced. The employees lie about the promotion amount to turn in old phone and also sign you up for new phone insurance as well as other services without your permission or knowledge....? He told me my bill would only be $10 more a month.Not only that, but they continue to deduct money from your account after you change Companies. And after you change companies, you can no longer call or contact them since your phone number is no longer associated with them (Recording will hang up on you), and even when you could call and inquire about billing errors, which there were many, they never did what they said they would regarding refunds!They should be investigated by the Better Business Bureau and or government Agencies!"
"I closed my account and they still took $70 from my bank account. The whole reason I dropped this company is because they keep raising their prices. I used to get $10 a month in discounts and they raised the price $10 so I don't actually get a discount anymore. I can't afford this much per month. I went with someone cheaper with the same coverage and service. When I tried to resolve this, they said they couldn't do anything."
"Long story-read if you don't want this to happen to you. When issues go on endlessly for years – it's not just a once or twice fluke nor can tower location always be to blame. So tired of hearing, “it's the towers” “it's the tower location”. Then fix tower problem or stop selling in this area.I know some people say it works so good. Some win the lottery too. Doesn't mean it's a common occurrence! Looking at tmobile rating here seems the chance of it being “so good” is same as hitting lottery jackpot. Millions to one! I truly don't know where tmobile gets those best of stats. NO ONE I mention tmobile to has anything good to say about them.Unfortunately we got it all – internet, 2 phones & watches. Tmobile internet & cell service is unreliable. No matter if home, out locally or some other city we could not count on having reliable cell service. We had 2 identical phones & side by side could have different connectivity issues. 1 working, other might not. Might work one trip, not the next. Not always same phone or in same location – just whenever either couldn't connect. Phones also would say no internet connection available when it should be cell not WiFi anyway. Later in same location it would work. Cant find directions or businesses without connection. At times no cell service at all, was garbled or dropped calls.With so many problems & internet outages I took photos & videos. Basically anytime you turned on a device requiring tmobile you knew it would probably lose connection at least once or something else. An hour show might go out 5 or 6 times, every day & at all times of the day. My photo file got so large I had to stop. Local office still looked at me as if I had 2 heads even after viewing videos of what I was telling them. Didn't care.Being so unreliable, I would not give a child a tmobile phone. I'd also discourage travelers especially those who go alone or need to rely on cell service.For travel safety & being locked into a contract, we got a prepaid account from competitor to compare with tmobile. Competitor passed consistently with flying colors, every time & everywhere! Like we knew, it was just tmobile failure. And it's not like we're in some remote part of the world or well below sea level etc. We live in town, not country. We couldn't wait to dump tmobile! We also tested internet – competitor works. They offer free internet booster if it doesn't work throughout house! Price is only a bit more, but we now have an internet system that works. Watching an hour program doesn't take 2 hours now.  Cheaper isn't better if it doesn't reliably work.When phones paid off & the ""no contracts"" contract part of bill paid off - we canceled all services May 11, 2024. Was paid up to date at that time as of recent auto-pay. Only charges from then to May 11 were now due. Said final bill will be sent. DON'T cancel before you stop auto-pay & remove payment method. It's how they overbill you. Make copies of anything important on your online account. You cannot access your online account once it's canceled. You'll be told changes have to be made online, then told if number canceled, there's no online account now. No one will help. This allows them to create charges & bill since most people don't double check for accuracy.Not being able to remove payment method, through BBB contact from tmobile Sr. Specialist Team, CEO. She took auto-pay off & most importantly reviewed account to give what was actually owed. Said made notes on account but was confident final bill would now be correct amount. Told us wait & contact her if amount was different.Arrived 6/5/24 amt almost doubled. Contacted. She got back to us with true amount owed & how to pay now there is no online account access on about 6/6. We paid this amount due within a few days. After all today is only 6/12/24. Wasn't paid today or yesterday.Tmobile is horrible!! Recap - Account current. Last auto pay 4/21 next would've been 5/21 – but canceled tmobile 5/11. Received final bill abt 6/5 still wrong amount due – contacted home office immediately & paid within days of actual amount due. Today – 6/12, just a month from our cancellation date - I receive a letter from collection agency dated 6/5 on behalf of tmobile for a crazy amount & fee on top of it for service on a paid up to date account that WE cancelled. Date of their letter shows tmobile had to contact them well before 6/5 for agency to create/mail me letter dated 6/5! Really? I am furious!!I work hard on my credit rating (another stupid thing for only businesses to legally way overcharge consumer since it's damned if you pay your bills off & damned if you don't) to have a company like this so blatantly abuse the system!!For mobile/internet service that is reliable & works - forget tmobile exists! - Just remember t-mobile service (for me) stands for Terrible Mobile Service! Go elsewher"
"The worst provider ever! -- avoid this scam company !! I got a phone on contract for £45 for 24 months.. After 6 months they decided to push to £56 months! -- like a joke!! - so I had to pay this amount for the whole 24 months! .. and then when the contract ended, they decided to charge me extra for a month even though the contract ended.. They give you BS like its advanced payment etc and they will refund you .. now I am wasting my time in getting my refund from them !--- SCAMMMM SCAAMMM SCAMMMM !! just AVOID this company. Go with O2 or EE, even if you have to pay more!"
"AT&T prepaid is the absolute worst. Do not do it avoid it. After hours of trying to get it set up it only took 10 minutes with US Mobile but hours with AT&T the service would not work until I paid. They refused to accept my credit card, even though the bank was accepting, rather they would reverse it and then claim bank declined! 10x 2 different cards!The third-party company that is committing all of these acts for AT&T, then had the gall to try to charge me a five dollar fee to verify that I was who I am after my email had already been verified and after the bank had already approved the payment multiple times.It would appear that this is a delivery scheme to generate five dollars from each customer by making all of the credit cards fail until you call them and spend hours to get them on the line so that you can tell them which address you lived at when you were 20 years old.If I have the energy, I will file an attorney general complaint and I encourage everyone else to do the same to put this to an end. I definitely will move away from AT&T forever over this unless they personally apologize to me and solve this problem for everyone."
"I went on the live chat, asked to speak to a person. I was informed it would take between 1 and 3 minutes. When they eventually came on the chat, they asked my name then cut me off whilst I was typing it! What is the point of providing a service that does not work? Vodafone have now replied by suggesting I raise the issue on social media! I do not have either an X account or an instagram account.  I use facebook to keep in touch with my friends, not so that I can report a problem.  I cannot wait to leave this company once my contract ends"
Ridiculous if you are able to get a hold of somebody they'll will keep you waiting for 35+ minutes. After countless texts and phone calls no reply. I bet if I wanted to sign up for a new phone somebody would be available f****** joke!
"Being robbed for not speaking English, I already had an internet plan in my apartment with At&t, I paid $60 and my 2 phone lines were from Mint Mobile and I paid $90 per month.I was receiving AT&T advertising at my house. On June 25th I was going to celebrate my birthday and before that on Saturday I decided to go to the store and look at the promotions.After seeing it I decided to make a plan by transferring my lines and buying an Apple Watch and an iPad.They offered me a plan with 2 lines for R$60 each, totaling R$120. The Apple Watch would cost R$19.45 per month and they also offered me an iPad for R$11.12 per month. They would also give me a 20% discount on the lines because I have an internet plan in my apartment for which I pay R$60.I have the prices for everything detailed.On June 26th I received an email saying that I had taken out insurance, I entered the chat on the same day, receiving very good service, they told me that there was no problem and that the service would be canceled and the amount removed from the account (but not it was because they were charging me).That day in the chat I took advantage and also confirmed the prices I contracted, and it was told to me that I should only pay the amounts of $120 for the lines with 20% discount; $60 online; 19.45 apple watch; 11.12 iPad.On June 28th I received the first invoice (5 days after subscribing to the plan).The feeling is the same, I was robbed, like a store the size of AT&T deceives me like that and adds plans and more plans, fees and more fees, services and more services, charging me a whopping $543.00. I would have to be very stupid to go into a store paying a monthly fee of 145.00 and want to leave paying 543.00.I hope At&t resolves my issue as quickly as possible."
"AT&T internet in NW Ohio is a joke, I can't even use my phone on wifi. Cell service is very bad and now they sent me a email that price is going up. Guess I'm going to save some money because I'm canceling. Price goes up but service stays the same"
"Moved house, ordered Vodafone.Internet poor.Openreach confirmed full fibre lines ok.I have wasted the last weeks of maternity, spending every ""nap"" free time on hour plus calls.All neighbours within 2 minutes walk have perfectly working broadband on multiple devices and good speeds (none with Vodafone).The beginning:Internet worked but only if you were basically under the router and even then it would drop on occasion.Upgraded contract and received a booster.Took 4 days and 5 painful phone conversations to work.About a day later wifi drops 20 plus times an hour on every device tried, including every person that visited - did trials on over 15 devices over a week, new and old.Still dropping.Did my own research (3 hours worth) as fed up with technical.Found out it could be 1 of 3 things.Technical acted on one and there was a temporary, albeit painful improvement of manually clicking on another frequency.Technical refused to act on another without a day trial of another fix, which was so bad we were left without Internet.Now we are waiting for a router swap out, for which I have to be in for.So, in summary for all those considering Vodafone, here's your experience if it doesn't work:In 6 weeks:9 hours phone time3 hours own research2 hours doing the resets they said offline20mins to send 1 WhatsApp saying ""happy birthday"" followed by ""are you going out for it"" because it drops that badly.2 stress induced migraines3 times staying in waiting for DPD1 week to go until full time work and the likelihood of losing my job.Yes, I am with the specialist care team, but I am incredibly fed up with having to provide technical with my research. It's full fibre, we are on the same line as neighbours, just different hardware. It's clearly Vodafone.P. S Vodafone, took 30mins to send this due to the drop outs."
"Absolutely horrendou policies they truly suck! Refused to change my pay date 1 day! 1 day short of my payday direct pay!! The hell they put me through going 1 day without service paying out of pocket costs, lost work running around to add money, health issues and torment! I felt utterly abused and enslaved! They forced me to keep my service because I'm poor elderly and disabled working part time to cover inadequate social security income. I paid cash for my pp phone to be told today that they cannot approve device unlock on my for 6 months after purchase to switch to another carrier service Sim card! Brutal Barbaric policies to force profits!!! I'm calling around for a lawyer! I recorded every call evey email text and my contract.  Even recorded secretly the sales agent who sold me this more expensive phone because he said they out of stock on the cheaper phone I went there for to begin with! I feel tricked and humiliated!! Cancel this company!"
Dreadful broadband experience with pro 2 boosters. they are not proper mesh and dont work well. vodafone helpdesk even advised to turn them all off every few days to prevent them overheating. I cancelled within 14 days (they also would not follow the terms of their own contracts to allow me to leave between day 14 and day 30 as per their terms for pro broadband. be warned!!!!!
"So Vodafone here we are again. I thought we had gone our separate ways but like an ex that can't let go you spring up in the corner of the bar I frequent with my pals. I've moved on Vodafone, I'm in a new and exciting relationship with plusnet. I think you should move on too instead of sending me a letter claiming I owe you a month like an ex wife trying to claim csa and draw the last bit of blood I have. I have a settlement agreement from you stating you were rubbish and didn't treat me right and that we can part ways. So much so it's actually you that owes me a month. I've packed my stuff Vodafone and I've gone. It's time for you to find someone else. I wish you all the best but I'm happy with plusnet."
"I was a customer of t mobile for proabaly a  YEAR maybe more,Every other Month my bill would be higher ,I would have to call them talk to one of their  managers and get it straighten out it didn't matter the next bill would be fine the next bill would always be higher, the last time was the last time  I just quit them as i told them I would if it kept happening Now I found a new company  but still have the phone from t mobile,I have no use for it but refuse to pay when they keep trying to over charge me my bill was $45.00 a month not $69.00.like i said every other month .I have kept records but might have thrown them away.they keep a log of all phone calls so I can prove if I have to what they were trying to do ,my son also quit them for the same reason.now I get warning letters along with a raise in what I owe for BEING LATE.I HOPE THEY DONT HOLD THEIR BREATH  THEY ARE DONE ROBBING ME"
"The instore sales people are wholly incompetent and then fall back on the signed paperwork as what is confirmed.Even if the money to tmobile is exactly the same, they won't rectify anything on their end and will fall back on the contract terms.Woefully incompetent through and through sales/customer service reps and frankly should be a class action lawsuit somewhere."
Tmobile sucks always messing things up over charging me really bad but I think all phone companies are
Worst experience ever. 4 hrs to change a plan. Then nothing at the end. Trying to route to phone line or store and when we goto store  they say call phone number and nobody can do anything. Pathetic customer service and nobody cares.
"18 months of a terrible service.... Constant dropouts. Enough said, never again."
"I have used att for a few years now, and recently had a problem on my iPhone 13.I contacted them and said they would send someone out immediately, as it was under warranty.Now two months later, I am being charged $250.00 for their service.  A fee was never mentioned, until I received this invoice notification.I have nothing good to say about ATT, and  their warranty or service. I will be dropping them, as soon as possible.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND NEVER USE ATT FOR YOUR SERVICE.YOU WILL EVENTUALLY REGRET IT.Terry"
"Been without service at my office for (3) days now with no estimated time of repair,plus my bill continues to increase without notice.Been a customer for 35+ years... just awful customer service, being lied to about hold times.I find another company $.001 cheaperGOOD BYE AT&T & YOUR LIES"
Wish I had read these reviews sooner.Trying to get service to our house has been a nightmare. It's been over a week with no internet and can't get a service person to come out within the time frame that they quoted us.Service was awful and wouldn't make us a priority on their service schedule any of the other days.Will be looking for new provider. Do better.
This has got to be the worst service we have been with literally it cuts out every 30 seconds messages don't even go through and calls never work
"Today March 15,2024  (1:00 pm ) I visit with my daughter the  T-Mobile location located beside Walmart on Madison St in Clarksville TN (new store). When we go inside the location no customers and 3 employees sitting look out there phones. We don’t receive any greetings and no employees names. My daughter was interesting in a few lines for herself and family but the feedback and info was horrible. This guy ( long hair white young with no name) was no professional and he don’t have the purpose to sell phones or give any information to customers. The service was awful and bad. We going to another company that treat us with good customer service and good options or plans with our needs. That kind of service in unacceptable and I don’t understand this company hire employees like this."
"Trash. The service was subpar, but nothing to complain about. What I can, and WILL ALWAYS, complain about is that AT&T basically stole money from me.I called in September 2023 to have my service cancelled because I was moving to a different city and honestly couldn’t care less about keeping my internet going. The dude I talked to was nice enough and said he’d cancel, no problem. The thing is, he never cancelled my service. I found out in June 2024 after being charged for 5 months of internet nobody used. I know it’s foolish to hardly ever check my bank account, but I didn’t even think about it since I was under the impression my service was cancelled. I didn’t even receive emails about upcoming bills or activity on my account, so I really didn’t think anything was wrong.After discovering the charges, I called immediately to plead my case. I ultimately bit the bullet because the original guy never logged my request for cancellation, and there was nothing anyone could do without solid proof. I was pissed, yeah, but at least my service was cancelled.Now, the woman who cancelled my service told me I didn’t have to return the equipment because it was an older model. Guess who got fkn swindled, though!! Me, baby!!! I just got an email saying I owe $174+ because I haven’t returned my equipment.Same deal, I talked to some guy who didn’t know more than what was written on the back of his hand. He regurgitated what my account says without any attempt to reconcile the situation. He basically ended with, “pay it or don’t 🤷🏻‍♂️.”So, because AT&T is absolute garbage and can’t manage their records, I’m out over $700 (9 monthly bills + equipment). Absolutely nothing I can do about it now, since I moved out of the apartment and disposed of the equipment 10 months ago."
"I would give T-Mobile negative stars. I return the equipment within a week to remain with current provider. I received email they received the equipment back. They kept charging my bank card for a service I never used for equipment I don’t have. I ended up calling them to cancel everything. They charge my bank card again. The problem is I ended up stopping my card. They couldn’t pull money out of my account. Now, they have collection agency after me. I called them and was lied to. The guy was disrespectful on the phone."
"Absolutely worst customer service I've ever experienced.  My 70 year old mother many calls because their employee that messed up my mother account when they sent her to our home 4 months , still no resolution follow up or apology.  I'm will never recommend Att . I was involved in the Att data breach. Nothing but immigrants very incompetent POS . They are the Absolutely worst. I will not be transferring my T-Mobile business account after I witnessed how they treated my mother . Look at these reviews.  My mother will be leaving them never looking back."
"I had to return a product. Their store in the mall would not take it back because it was purchased online. Their website had almost zero info re returns. Finally, I figured out that I had to call them. So I called them. After 54 minutes on the phone, I got a woman (somewhere in Asia) who managed to disconnect me after putting me on hold. It was a simple request I had for her to send a shipping slip but oh now, she could not figure out how to do that and got my number to call me back just in case. She never did. She just disconnected me. I had to call again. Another hour and no-one answered the call. This is a company that does not care about its customers."
"Canceled acct, 6 days into new billing cycle charges me for a full month."
"Was told my partner's phone would be put back on after cut off around two weeks before end date never came back on, the customer service is terrible tbh and I myself left Vodafone ten years ago and havent gone back.Currently on the phone now it seems the staff are not trained correctly or do things on purpose. Having to wait 10 days for them to listen to phone calls where I know for a fact a PAC code should have been provided on the contract end date of today and now the account has been completely shut down and disconnected and there is no PAC code on the account! Simple process cannot be finalised and this was advised by the agent on the last call.Awful company would not advise anybody to go to Vodafone for anything."
LIERS!They admitted on the phone that they lied to me multiple times. Were they bored? Were they incompetent? I do not know that. They did nothing to help me afterwards. Had to spend 5hours on the phone with them to sort the easiest of issues.I have never had such bad experience with any kind of service!
"I got a taxi into town to pick up my new sim card from @Vodafone UK @Vodafone i didnt have any physcial bank cards with me only virtual, ‘for an ID check’ so they declined to give me my sim card. I had my passport, my driving license, and virtual cards, but this wasnt good enough 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 taxi home, picked up my PHYSICAL card, taxi back to town, ID CHECKED THROUGH CHIP & PIN WTTTTT??? & another taxi home. £60 wasted on taxis, a whole day gone and the worst customer service. Store manager Harj, completely useless. Assistant store manager Jack, very rude, unprofessional, and even said F*** out loud at one point. No idea how these people maintain jobs! I have 8 contracts with you and won’t be renewing any of them with this awful service!"
"Went to Target to what I thought was a consumer cellular place to get a phone as mine was broken. The sales person “Steven” stated that AT&T was owner of Consumer Cellular. I know that Consumer Cellular does contract with them to use their cell towers.Anyways, we are filling out paperwork and as it was taking so long, I kept asking that this was not a new account that I just wanted to buy a new phone. He stated that was right no new contract.He was sending the phone to my house and I kept asking why I could not get one that was for sale right there. He gave me this long winded response.After getting home I read the document that he sent me and he lied, he set me up with a new AT&T account not the same Consumer Cellular one I had. I called and asked him about this and he lied again and said it was Consumer Cellular.I called Consumer Cellular to see where my phone was and they stated they had no order for a phone. I explained what happens and they said that what he stated was not true.I called Steven back and he stated that phone was on the way so he could not cancel the acct as I had to send back the phone when I got it. Now I only have 14 days to cancel this acct. not only that they can charge me a restocking fee as I cannot bring it back to the store that I ordered it from.These people are just scam artist. I have been sitting on the phone for an hr. And no one has picked up so I can cancel this acct.NEVER USE ATT&T!!  SCAM"
"I’m disappointed in this company, they increase the price. I can’t send photos by SMS despite the free MMS contract. Very poor coverage area."
"If I could give them a 0 star I would. I have been with att for a while and I have phone, internet, and TV with them. They are expensive and when I bring a concern up to them on the TV and I want to cancel service they say oh we can not do anything youll have to pay 380 to cancel tv. They do not care if the customer is not happy they will make you pay anyway. They don't care about there customers. I do not recommend att for any services. I will be switching my TV, internet, and phone to someplace else."
"Moved house and moved the vodaphone broadband over to my new house, they changed my contract without my permission and after hours of phone calls for them to admit fault and put my contract back to original contract, constant lying, had enough and leaving them finally , paid up to the end of the month and now suddenly they are switching my internet off and on even though there’s 20 days before I leave ,stay well clear , go with sky or utility warehouse"
"I’ve been a Vodafone customer for years, but my recent experience has been incredibly disappointing. I have a SIM-only contract and was paying £11.44 last year. For the first time, I considered other providers because I was worried about running out of data and paying extra for roaming abroad.I visited the Vodafone store in Derry and spoke to customer service on the phone. I was reassured that a new deal would meet my data needs, so I stayed as a loyal customer. Unfortunately, the new deal didn’t provide enough data, so I had to increase it. Even after doing that, it still wasn’t enough, and I had to increase my data again. I’m now paying £16.20 per month, and most months I still run out of data.I’ve been back to the store and called customer service several times, but the only solution they offer is to add 1GB of data per month for an additional £7.25. This would bring my total to £23.45 for only 9GB of data and no roaming—far worse than deals available from other providers.My last visit to the Derry store was the worst. The representative was argumentative and unhelpful. I feel I was mis-sold this contract, and now I’m stuck with it until March 4, 2026.Avoid Vodafone! Their promises don’t match reality, and they don’t seem to value loyal customers."
Person working at Vodafone Dunfermline forgot to put a port request to transfer my number from EE to Vodafone. Had to manually do it myself and speak to customer service. I now have to wait until Monday to get my old number which disrupts my everyday life. Not good enough Vodafone!
"Totally ripped off by AT&T.  I was told by a representative when I transferred my internet service on approx. 4/29 that I would receive 2 months free service, due to the move.  He also reiterated during the conversation that I would make no payments for 2 months.  Not only did I not receive this, my service was disconnected shortly after I moved and I was charged $150.00 for not returning the equipment from the previous address.  I told them I was waiting for a return label and they stated to just go to a FED EX location and drop it off.  Had I know that, I would have already dropped the package off.  I called AT&T and was told that there were no notes reflecting the 2 free months.   I asked the rep where I would even get information like that?  I did not make up this conversation!   Not that AT&T cares, I will be looking for a different internet carrier.  I am super disappointed by AT&T!!!"
"They did not provide some information just to sell the product and then received different high invoices, this is a fraud."
"Setting up a new broadband account and it got cancelled. Then the new one was agreed to be set up on the 10th Jan as requested. However, all emails now say the 17th, after speaking to customer services again they cannot help me and no one shared that this was going to be the date. Really let down"
"I took out my Vodafone contract and it started out positive, the reception was decent in most places and I enjoy the chances to win stuff on the rewards. I had to go to Germany for work for 5 months and once in Germany I found out that my current contract was useless abroad so I took the hit and added the abroad features so I could still use my internet etc. the abroad charges are disgusting by the way. A month or 2 into my contract with the extra expense of abroad features I receive a text saying that I will no longer be covered as you are only allowed to use your phone for a few months out of England.so I’m now stuck with the added expense of the roaming but wasn’t able to use my phone. I make sure to tell everyone how bad Vodafone is and can’t wait to leave them and never return."
"It is almost impossible to speak to a human. I spent over 3 hours on the phone, some with multiple agents when I was finally able to access them. I pay by the minute of use. I made several calls to various AT&T tollfree numbers (most deadends without being able to talk to an agent). I finally reached a human by calling their sales department. I have multiple issues with my account and STILL need them resolved. The biggest issues is that after having called these multiple AT&T numbers they charged me for every one of them and will NOT credit me for the calls. They adamantly say that they do NOT charge for calls to A&T but they DO. I ran out of charge time on my phone so have to wait until Monday to continue. I cannot log into my account. They said they would send me a text with a password but ALL I got was a message saying my PW had been changed (no PW provided).AT&T gives rotten customer service and they do their best NOT to connect you to a human. It is mostly voice mail with ultimate deadends."
"Really dissapointed with the speed, and also with the customer support. I have cancelled my contract but Vodafone does not cooperate with the new broadband supplier to do the switch."
"They failed to notify my broadband provider when they took over the line,  which meant I was charged for both.  They tried to tell me it was my fault,  and just made stuff up. Over 3 hours on the phone, transferred 6 times and it's still not sorted.  An absolute shambles of a company.Update:Text exchanges with 10 different people who all failed to acknowledge what the web site says is not what happened. I asked the same question eight times and they ignored it every time."
"Terrible, painstaking experience trying to leave Vodafone, everything takes ages, customer services not listening to anything I’m saying or asking for, make it as complicated as possible to leave. An absolute joke I’ll never return or recommend."
Very poor coverage in San Diego and East coast.
"Customer service has to be the worst I've ever experienced, installation of our new customer broadband was only half completed as cherry picker was needed to connect line from house to pole as the pole is labelled unsafe to climb, I've been in touch with them on numerous occasions via Facebook messenger with a different customer service person every time, since the install date of 6/12/24 and still have not been given a date as to when it's going to be completed, all I get is review dates that come and go without anything new to report or any action taken to get a date to complete from Openreach, have raised an official complaint with them too which they automatically closed without any solution given apart from £10 good will gesture into my account that I can't yet access??, appalling way to treat a new customer, I'm going to give it a few more weeks and if not installed I'm going to cancel as they have failed to honour their side of the contract !!Vodafone, have tried the link in your reply previously and the bot Tobi is absolutely useless !!Any people who are thinking about joining Vodafone just read the reviews and make your own minds up...."
"I have been with ATT for quite a while. I would say that their customer service has gotten so bad that not only you have to wait for more than 30 minutes to get a live agent, but also get ridiculously overcharged. I am HATING AT&T post paid service. Before switching over to post paid, I had prepaid and life was so much easier- No surprise charges, no headaches. Whenever I call AT&T about extra charges, the answer I get is that my next bill is going to be lower. But, when I see my next bill, it is higher.😬 Their agents are LIERS. If you want to get a heart attack, signup for AT&T’s post-paid service."
The worst CS EVER!! JUST GOT MY BILL TODAY AUG 28TH...DUE DATE SEPT 7TH....HOW WOULD THEY GET MY PAYMENT IN TIME VIA POSTAL SERVICE...THEY WOULD NOT...AND CHARGE ME LATE FEETHEY GET BREACHED...MY PASSCODE NOW DOES NOT EXIST....SPENT AN HOUR ON THE PHONE TODAY! Call dropped 2x and NO CALL BACK...3RD REP SAID COULD NOT TAKE PAYMENT INFO TODAY and apply to due date on Sept 7th IT WOULD BE TAKEN OUT TODAY...HORRIBLE  COMPANY...GOING TO DROP THEM
Great service at carphone warehouse but the problems started once setting up.Terrible reception which I thought was guaranteed but Im now advised that as the issue is with the construction of my house I’m stuck paying for a phone that I can’t use in my own home.I will refer to Ofgem but for now I’m having to go back to EE so beware of these false promises relating to network coverage .I was also given an incorrect telephone number ( by text) to ring to remove my voicemail.I tried ringing unsuccessfully from various locations ( as it doesn’t work at home ) only to find out it was a typo so another waste of hours of my life I won’t get back!UPDATEThank you for your response .I did both of your suggestions!1210 does not work as I constantly get a call failed as I can’t phone from home.I cannot completely turn off the voicemail and am told it could take 6 months to delete messages on there already.( I’ve been back to Carphone Warehouse and they cannot do it either) .I did use your tool to check coverage and it says excellent coverage indoors and outdoors so your information is inaccurate and a  waste of time just like your network !
"Very bad experience,always sometimes wrong.Internet connection is very bad.Customer service is like unreachable. Thinking about to leave TMobile after many years beeing a customer"
No customer service online only a virtual robot
"Horrible, they use to be good but now my calls drop and calls don’t come through. They are awful"
"This company does nothing but lie to customers constantly. I spent 8 months being promised working internet coverage and cell phone service at one end of town where it was non-existant. Instead of one month for them to fix the problem it took 9 months before they built another tower that actually worked. They also promised that T-Mobile had agreements with European countries so that my plan included internet coverage in Europe. That was a blatant lie. Out of 8 cities -- it only worked in Vienna. I bought trackers from them because they promised there would be no monthly fee. That was a lie. They started charging the monthly fees after the return window had closed and then refused to accept a return of the sealed boxes and unused trackers. After I finally cancelled all my services with T-Mobile they tried to charge me the full amount for the 4 trackers. When I disputed these charges and won the disputes with Citibank -- T-Mobile tried to bill me again for the full amount of the disputed charges and also threatened me with reporting the debt to credit agencies, even though they are bound by arbitration agreements to honor the dispute decisions in my favor by Citibank."
Awful company. Moved out of my house 7 months ago and still unable to cancel my internet. 3 hour hold times with retention and then they hang up.
"AT&T rewards John Stankey with his $24,500,000 salary notwithstanding that his recklessness has cost millions of loyal customers the privacy of their data. And how does AT&T compensate its loyal customers for compromising my personal data? They raise my monthly cellular bill 20%. How can AT&T wonder why it is so hated by Americans? What a bunch of scumbags!"
"VODAFONE WILL GASLIGHT YOU AND WONT LET YOU GO! DO NOT GET INTO A RELATIONSHIP WITH THEM!!Hours on the phone to people working from home in various countries who are all very polite but have no clue. I’ve been told it’s the microwave, it could be the doorbell, all our doors need to be open, you don’t understand, they need access to my camera to see the router, move the router, move the booster, there’s something wrong with the router, there’s nothing wrong with router. I’ve been told twice that someone will personally sort out the problem and those same people have arranged to call me back and it’s never happened. I’ve missed meetings, waited in for calls to sort it out and been given ‘unique reference codes’ that I’ve copied and pasted and have been ‘incorrect’. I have to jump through ridiculous security hoops every time just to speak to someone even when they transfer a call internally! I go through the same security several times in one call! We are only 6 months in to a 24 month contract and I am tearing my hair out! It used to work fine. I can’t even run a speed test because the Wi-Fi is so poor sometimes! I first raised the issue 5 months ago and have been trying to sort it out ever since! Vodafone broadband is an omnishambles. Customer service is appalling. Just totally unskilled scripted responses. There doesn’t seem to be any log of what you’ve already tried during previous hour long phone calls and they want you to do everything again then say they need more time to sort it out and will need to call you back or disconnect your broadband. This isn’t possible as my husband works from home on the wired connection! He has been into the office several times so they can do this and they haven’t called. It’s never the same person you speak to and they all ask you to give them more time! DO NOT CHOOSE VODAFONE YOU WILL REGRET IT!"
NO LegsNO CarNO FamilyATT used to be a good place to do business.  I guess it's a direct reflection of this country.  For 6 weeks been begging for a way to return my old internet hardware only to be mistreated again and again.  Only trying to upsell me more service or lies.  Yet it sits with a threat of a $150 fee and sitting on my $35 credit.  On disability $35 is a weeks worth of groceries.  Nobody cares they think it's a joke to be disabled.
"Don't take a Vodafone contract, they are appalling. If you do try to cancel an out of contract service, it's  almost impossible.  It takes hours out of your life and then what they have confirmed in writing, it doesn't actually happen. I'm a customer of 25 years and I'm desperately trying to get out of an after contract product that they just keep taking my money for. They won't split ddm, and won't refund for incorrect billing for an in contract product.They are a horrible fat cat global organisation that just sucks every penny they can out of you. Would give negative stars if possible."
"The worst customer service from store managers to call center.  I have been attempting for months to get a billing issue resolved and they will not even allow you to speak with anyone that can help.  They claim that a case is created for a manager to review, however no one ever follows up.  Very disappointing service."
"I am extremely disappointed with Vodafone's broadband service and customer support. We were promised Pro II Fibre 2 for £30 per month with a download speed of 60 Mbps, but now the only speed available in our flat is up to 25 Mbps, while the other nine flats in the building receive speeds of up to 74 Mbps. To make matters worse, we are being charged £36 per month instead of the agreed price. This is a blatant failure to deliver on the terms of the agreement.The customer service experience has been appalling. The chat support was an absolute failure—inefficient, unhelpful, and a total waste of time. From agents to managers, every person I spoke to lied, dodged responsibility, and offered no real solutions. Despite repeated attempts to resolve these issues, there has been no improvement, and it is clear that our concerns are not being taken seriously.What makes it even worse is that Vodafone is quick to enforce their company policies when it comes to overcharging customers, but they completely fail to keep their end of the bargain. This experience has been nothing but frustrating and demonstrates a total disregard for customer needs.Vodafone has shown a complete lack of professionalism, honesty, and accountability. I expected better from such a large company, but this has been disheartening. I would not recommend Vodafone to anyone based on this experience. They need to urgently address these issues and honour the promises made to their customers."
"Really bad , why1  I did a new broadband contract with them 3 months ago . Not only have I not received the package after 3 months and 5 hours of phone calls they have now disconnected my old router even though I'm still paying for it . Please give up foreign call centres as although they speak English they don't speak English well enough . Example ; how do you spell Peter and how do you spell Lancashire!I despair."
I signed up for AT&T a month ago I was guaranteed a price of $69.48 a month. My bill is now doubled that for the first month they took my phone in trade told me they would give me $1000 credit for it and now we’re only offering to give me 200 and change I don’t remember the exact amount but we’ll say $250. They are liars and I’m looking to find out if there’s any class action lawsuits against them that I or we the American people can join
"I was a T Mobile customer for nearly 10 years.  Over that period, their customer service has gone downhill.  Hold times to reach customer service are now 30 minutes to an hour.On December 26, 2023 at 12:31pm, I called T Mobile to protest an increase due to their declining my autopay discount; they wanted banking account & routing info, which I was not willing to provide.  I was on hold for over 30 minutes.  They subjected the on-hold caller to music and a recorded voice cut in every minute, saying ""we'll be right with you"" and sometimes asked you to ""name that tune"".  During the long wait and bot cut-ins, I wondered ""why are we being treating so poorly!?""I decided I'd had enough and cancelled my T Mobile service on 12/26/23.  It turned out to be the worst customer experience I have ever had.  Our two Iphones had a T Mobile SIM/Carrier lock.  I could not begin service with the new carrier until the phones were unlocked. I spoke with a T Mobile tech on 12/26/23 and requested the SIM unlock for the two devices.The next day, 12/27/23, the phones remained locked, so I drove to my local T Mobile store, and the employees were unable to help.  They said I had to work with T Mobile's Customer Care group (via phone).It ultimately took almost 25 hours and about 3.5 hours on the phone with various T Mobile people (plus two more charges on my credit card) for T Mobile to finally unlock the phones.  It was a version of “kick the can”:  one rep told me I needed to do a factory reset on my phone to unlock it.  She transferred me to an Apple Care tech, who advised me that T Mobile needed to unlock the phone and that a factory reset would NOT unlock it.In the last call, I was on the phone with a T Mobile tech for well over two hours to get the phones unlocked.    Before I could get the phones unlocked, they asked me about returning equipment I had already returned (a signal booster which didn't work, and that they failed to support, I had returned it months earlier) and about paying them for an Iphone we had paid for in cash months earlier.This was just an awful experience."
"I wish if I can give less than one starIt is a company that scams people watch your bank account every month .Looking to move to other companyAT&T, it’s a scamming company"
"Pathetic Customer service, with customer advisors with attitude problems - Namely one called AJ, most unhelpful, disrespectful customer service agent I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. The hint is in the job title - Customer Service. Having an attitude problem with a customer who has come to you with an issue is a contradiction to the job you are hired to do.An absolutely disgrace to the Vodafone company - Sort out your attitude problem and learn to do better. Lost a customer who has been with the company for a while - advice to any unfortunate Vodafone customers, avoid this store at all costs, instead phone customer service, atleast you will be better treated. Avoid this store at all costs!"
"Shocking company! My sister has just rung them up to cancel our very ill mum's mobile phone contract (that she hasn't used for over a year) after losing my dad. We hoped that they may show some goodwill and refund some of her monthly amount invoices...........not a chance!! They cancelled her contract and offered nothing. Terrible, unsympathetic customer service."
Over the last year or so T mobile service in Denver has become near non existent. I can barely make calls and if I am able to make one they drop almost immediately. My texts don’t go through and I never have internet unless I’m connected to WiFi. It doesn’t matter where I am in Denver or Colorado. I’ve been unable to contact family during emergencies and unable to carry out payments with my phone when there isn’t WiFi. I can’t imagine worse coverage. I just paid off my phone so that I could unlock it and switch. I cannot recommend enough that you do not switch to T mobile under any circumstances.
"Used to like them until they discontinued my Internet service. I decided to move to another Internet provider April 2023  they continued to bill me for almost a year after I discontinued service. They stole money off my credit card and when I finally cut off my credit card to prevent more fraudulent charges they sent me to collections. The worst customer service, stole  money for service not received..Beware !!!!!"
"I have had AT T internet for two years. One day it’s disconnected, not for payment but for “upgrade”. You call and is put on hold for 2 hours. Nobody knows why or this department can’t help , have to transfer you to another. Then after all that , we still had to make an appointment for new equipment, School was on break, family members from out of town was there and no Tv. They didn’t even credit the bill or care that we were out of service for long. It wasn’t even our fault but we had to endure. Please go to CSpire or TMobile. It’s just not worth the high payment here. As soon as our contract ends, we are DONE.!!!!!"
I am done with AT&T prepaid cell phone service.  The past month I was told they overbilled me $75. The adjusted bill only reflected around $30.  At another place I lived they charged my card but disconnected my service after a week with no explanation.  I requested a refund but never received anything back.
"My wife upgraded from ""pay as you go"" to ""pay as you go plus"" as Vodafone kept urging her to do so.After a week and a half of total frustration, being messed about, not being able to use the app to log on (the sole means of access), spending endless time on the phone to get it sorted out, she gave up and told Vodafone to just cancel it. She's now gone back to basic ""pay as you go"" with her old number.A week an a half totally wasted!"
"I have been a T-Mobile customer for over 10 years, but my experience has been far from satisfactory. Living in a densely populated area, I expected reliable cell coverage. However, T-Mobile's service was so inadequate that they had to provide an amplifier to boost the signal. It was one (two, actually) more devices running in our house, but it solved the issue.Fast forward to when I decided to cancel my service due to moving abroad. To my astonishment, T-Mobile charged me $300 for the amplifier they provided 8 years ago - a piece of equipment that is practically obsolete and that they sold to customers for only $100 back in 2019.Attempting to resolve this issue, I spent several hours with their customer service. While the representatives were friendly, it felt like they weren't really listening (I had to repeat some basic facts several times). They never truly addressed my concerns.Needless to say that I'll never be a customer again."
Purchased a prepaid phone the Ai lady says it's activated and ready but the phone doesn't call out or receive calls  $ 69.24 and still can't make a call no customer service what so ever
Absolutely dismal. Using my mum's vodaphone connection in the Whitby area I assume it comes under the Scarborough location. Crashed/disconnected at least 3 times this morning. Definitely would not recommend the service on this showing.It is totally not fit for purpose. Not good enough.
"My family and I have been T-Mobile customers for over 20 years. On April 15 2024 my iPhone 13 Pro suddenly went into SOS mode. Meaning my phone lost service. I have not been connected to the T-Mobile network that I pay for since then. Since April 15, I have spent countless hours everyday, basically spending every moment of free time that I have calling T-Mobile tech-support to resolve this issue. I have been on multiple calls with Verizon and T-Mobile to resolve this issue. Apparently my IMEI number was blocked by Verizon, although I have never been a Verizon customer, like I mentioned above, my family, and I have only ever been T-Mobile customers for decades. Verizon has confirmed that they have unblocked my IMEI, they even confirm that with a T-Mobile supervisor on a conference call with me. I was told by the tech associate that they would call me back on a working line, knowing that my phone didn’t work, and apparently they called my blocked phone line and left a message which is another example of the carelessness and neglect of T-Mobile and my issue. Every single time I call I’m having to re-explain myself and I’ve been extremely patient with each and every T-Mobile representative I’ve spoken to never raising my voice and always respectful, but I am at my absolute limit. After multiple T-Mobile representatives have promised me with callbacks with solutions and never hearing back. I feel like this company doesn’t care about this major inconvenience, stress causing, and dangerous situation this issue has become. As a young woman in my 20s, not having any cell phone service for over a week while having to work an hour away from home has made me feel extremely unsafe and uncared for by T-Mobile as a company. I am traveling in two days and feel immensely anxious and unsafe with the idea of being out of state with no phone service. If something happens to me during my travels, how will I be able to contact my family? How is that okay?  This has affected my every day peace of mind. At this point, my entire family is ready to leave T-Mobile due to the absolute disappointment of the handling of this issue. I don’t believe it’s fair that I would have to pay for an upgrade for a new phone, which is what I’ve been told is my only immediate solution, when I have a iPhone 13 Pro in perfect condition. I am being forced to pay a new phone due to T-Mobile’s inability to solve an issue that is not my fault? That is unfair. I was told I was eligible for a warranty trade-in and then within 24 hours told I was not due to the issue being escalated and having to be seen through.I don’t think a $20 credit or a warranty replacement is worth all the time and energy I have put in by trying to fix this issue, especially as an extremely loyal T-Mobile customer, who has done nothing but treat the T-Mobile staff with upmost respect during this very frustrating issue, after the countless promises of call backs and solutions that not a single T-Mobile associate has kept."
"horrible. the manager refunds my account after I was told the money he refunded wouldn't be taken out. now they expect me to pay the money back for the money the manager refunded. they even told me to ask a family member to help me get the money, how rude is that. you really think they would have know not to tell a customer something like this. then after I told them I was leaving because they are horrible and help. they have the nerve to try and send a review on how my experience was. They need todo better with their customer service department."
I chose vodafone as they were £5 cheaper than BT. I just canceled during my cooling off period. Ill happily pay £5 extra to BT for good customer service and peace of mind.1.the dpd driver made not attempt to deliver the router to me even to go as far as to take a pic of a random address.2. I could not access my online account therfore I had no access to my bills.All this with in 2 days. They can get out of town!The low price is not worth it save yourself the time as hassle.
On September 23rd i placed an order for Vodafone broadband the highest package to be installed fibre pro 2 the first time fhe engineer from cityfibee came i was watching on the house cameras he walked into the garden and then retreated and ran off nevsr to be seen and i receieved an email to say that i missed ths engineers visit i was furious! I rang and rebooked and the engineers visit the second time he came they said they didnt have the right tools and equipment to install the broadband cable after this the engineer needed a form signed by the neighbours to say they dont mind any work being done fo the trees so then i wasted time and did that then since then its november now going into december nearly 3 months and these engineers have still not come to install the wifi they kept saying we're coming today and then they would never shoe up and everytime id ring vodafone their service was rubbish they kept using excuses that the cityfibre portal was down and that theyre sorry this has happened etc we got to november 19th i said forget it cancel this rubbish then the vodafone customer services tried to be clever and lie and say oh my order is in the point of no return! WTF! 1) no thats a lie because you havent even installed anything yet 2) the engineer never shows up 3) i have a cooling off period so dont try and bait me into feeling bad and saying i cant cancel then they advisor said oh it takes 3 days for the order to cancel so then i got a text couple of hours later saying its been cancelled now. I even said i wanted to log a complaint they kept saying no no the best we can do is get a managers callback so i had enough it was rubbish service and they took the absolute mick to just trim a few tree branches and install fibre broadband cable
"I've had AT&T mobile for 19 years. Since I was 17 years old. I didn't know any better then. Now, having had multiple screw ups at a store with upgrades, unauthorized plan changes, or always some new hidden fee with a ""free upgrade"" that was not disclosed up front. I'm both a Servicemember and a Student, and They tried to scam me previously with the first net deal. Only a National Guard or LEO 1ST responder with an account code can use this, NOT ACTIVE DUTY.I ordered a phone for a ""free"" upgrade online where they said I would pay 0.99 a month on my monthly bill for. I added the one time fee.Somehow that turned into a plan change and a $60 month regular upcharge.My monthly plan equates to that of a car payment or gas for one vehicle for a month. This is insane. They are driving customers to their competitors..It gets much worse when you get into fiber or Uverse. I was billed monthly for fiber, but the installer used a broadband network switch that is not capable of fiber.Its a trend of over promising and under delivering with hidden fees. The service has always been great. But their total net profit vs what we spend is unacceptable.Secondly, I spent over $2000 on an Asus Rog 7 phone, then a Planet Astro slide 5G- both certified on their network, but quietly blacklisted.. After their site was showing compatibility. I mentioned it in their ATT forums that they conveniently sunsetted.I do not pay for a service to decide if I buy a phone thru them or not, I pay for a network. They ripped me off whether I used their devices or not.No matter who you go with carrier wise, bring your own device- one with global, freeware. Stop buying overpriced low tier devices."
Had problem with phone got no help they told me I had to go to repair shop I could not get hardly any call's   I will not recommend them to anybody.went to them many times never got help
Whatever you do never switch over from your carrier! I recently switched over the biggest mistake of my life and I get constant call drops and no service. If you’re traveling overseas FORGET ABOUT HAVING SERVICE WITH THEIR 10/day plan! It is a scam they want to switch you over and then hold you accountable for 3 years of responsibility with phone! (I brought over iPhone 15s and the credit is applied in the span of 3 years to my bill)
Very poor I nearly had there broadband but lack of communication and support made me cancel glad I did I'll look elsewhere.
"The only reason I’m giving them one star is because I can’t give them zero stars but they suck. They told us to switch to voice data and network from our landline at work because we would have to pay a $500 phone bill versus $80 phone bill and then, we just switch to 5G and I just did the Speedtest and it’s running slower than my phone at like 19 MB per second worst service worst company ever trying to run a restaurant business and not play games I lost thousands of dollars the first day. The new phones came in because they gave the cell phones That weren’t working or half day nobody could call and make any anyways worst experience ever wouldn’t recommend it to anyone on face of planet"
AT&T saves a ton of money by asking there customers to have auto pay and paperless billing! They failed to include those discounts for 3 billing cycle to my account but after I inquire about it they can  credit the current billing cycle only. The nerve of these billions dollars companies!!!!!
"The service has gotten worse and worse over the years. If it did not work at our vacation house, we would dump AT&T in 3 seconds."
Terrible they will lie to you to go to them and will start charging you for all kinds of different things. They are all trained to get you.had a terrible experience with them I left them and went to AT&T and never looked back.
"I had been a loyal customer with Vodafone for more than last 4 years and suddenly they put up the price, so i decided to change provider due to cost benefit, only when i got the new provider's[ Virgin media] installation engineer come in the other day, did he notified that the  vodafone's installation workmanship is poor and that the hole in the wall should be properly covered and boxed, with the wires have be secured rather that being loose.  the engineer advised me that I contact vodafone to get this fixed  otherwise i would have poor signal. i called vodafone and raised a complaint,  its been  over 2 months now, that they are  taking me around the blocks to resolve this.  they  blame the open reach but are giving me no solution even though my contract was with vodafone when this happened. now I am left with a damage to my wall and  no resolution.  im shocked at how they treat their old customers who had stayed with them for  more than 4 years."
We got a hot spot for our camp ground and it didn’t work at all. Spent time on the phone with  a person trying to troubleshoot our issue.  The issue was the hot spot wasn’t strong enough for our area.  We had an emergency and needed the WiFi and we were out of luck.  So the very next day. We went to a store and got a portable WIFI.  Which has served us well.  So now we have a hot spot that we want to return and they are making us pay for something that doesn’t work for a total of 2 years. I think this is horrible customer service.  We have our cell phone service through them and they do t really care. They are still making us be responsible for this bill. We are retired and can’t afford to pay for something that doesn’t work.  I am so frustrated with the service that we have received. What are we supposed to do?
"I switched from AT&T after being promised lower charges by T Mobile. At the time we were told that my wife also qualified for a ""free"" Samsung watch. I now get the bill and its higher than my AT&T bill was. When I queried this with T Mobile they said that the additional charges were due to the ""free"" watch. It's also too late to return the watch. Be careful of this company - they are RIPOFF artists. And their customer service sucks too!!!"
"If it were possible to give ZERO stars I would. I have been with AT&T for over 17 years, all of my systems run through AT&T including every phone in my house, internet, cable, camera's, gaming systems, computers etc. EVERYTHING. However, that matters NOT to them. I am one tiny customer in the grand scheme of things and will not hurt their money in the slightest therefore they don't feel it necessary to do right. I have never asked for ANYTHING from AT&T. This 1 time after 17 years I don't have service at my job which requires me to use my cell phone. All my calls keep dropping on clients. I asked them about a booster. I was told by a rep that I would not be charged for the device. Then I get transferred to the person who can set that up and mail that out to me. This person then tells me it's $299. When I tell him what I was told, he transferred me to the Loyalty department. This lady told me they would listen to the call and if that was what was said to me they would mail it out to me but to give them 5 business days to do so (I told them it was the last 3 sentences at the end of the call - exactly where to listen at the exact moment it was said). I call today and they tell me they determined I was not told it would be at no charge which is a complete LIE! I was planning on paying originally.. then I was happy to hear it would be for free (without even asking!) so why the heck would I make that up?? At this point it's principle to be promised 1 thing when $299 is not even pennies to this company! I am changing to Verizon TODAY because that provider have service at my job and they refuse to do the right thing. Unbelievable!"
Stay away they are absolutely horrible. They convinced me us to leave ATT with the promise of free phones and here we are paying for them. They even went back and listened to the recording and said sorry you are misinformed!! Run away it’s not worth it! Was in the phone 4 hours to get to that nothing resolved except the person they trained and listened to on the recording gave the wrong information. He even called us back the next day to close the deal. But they refuse to do anything.
The area I live in suppose to be compatible with T mobile. I live in Apex NC. T mobile is the worst phone carrier I ever had. Every month a tower is down and I’m unable to use my phone not to mention my dumb ass got there internet to so when my phone is down I can’t even use my internet. Then they tell me o we will credit ur account lies they tell. This happens to me at least three to four times a month. I’m am over there trash ass service. You’re not compatible in my area stop your lies t mobile. Once I pay my last phone off I’m switching my service.
"I would say 0 stars, but not an option. They have told me numerous times my account is all set, I even have a credit when I check it online, and when a rep (when I can actually talk to someone) checks it, they agree - I owe no money. Yet I keep getting emails and texts referencing an unpaid balance and a credit card that is no longer on my account, and now they have suspended service until I pay a balance I don't have. I was bounced around through 9 different people, each more useless than the last. Customer service is an oxymoron, and this company is the absoluet worst. I would rather deal with carrier pigeons and the USPS."
Voice mail run around is driving me insane. I finally seemed to be able to get through all that only to be hung up on! Gggrrrrrrrr!!!
"The customer service aspect of t-mobile is not any better than it was 5 years ago.For those considering a switch to T-Mobile internet, you may want to give it caredul thought.The service may be shutting down orpossibly throttled late in the evening. However, I can not identify if it is the internwt service, a third party service platform ir a particular program.T-Mobile offers the ""perk"" of Paramount+ Showtime. The perk part of it is only the convenience of billing through T-Mobile. I am thinking the benefit runs to T- Mobile rather than the customer.Paramount promises local channels. For CBS, I can access TX, CA, GA,BOS, PA, MO, FL and many other stations but not CBS in Tucson. I spent hours on the phone with Paramount+ but one is not allowed to speaj to tech support. It goes on from their. It does not seem that Paramount+ is interested in fulfilling its obligations."
"Once they have you their customer service is terrible. Long waiting times, you are put on hold for long periods, speak to incompetent people who refuse to acknowledge that they do not have the required ability to help you ."
"I’d like to share my experience with Vodafone and CityFibre regarding my broadband installation and the ongoing issues I’ve faced since then.On Friday, 6th December, CityFibre engineers installed FTTP at my property, which took 1 hour 45 minutes as it was an overhead fibre installation. The Vodafone package promises speeds of 900Mbps, but testing on Ookla showed only 450Mbps. Initially, everything seemed fine, but by the weekend, the internet went down for several hours. After calling Vodafone, it coincidentally came back during the call. I decided to give it time, thinking it might be provisioning.However, on Monday, 9th December, the internet went down again from 8am. My neighbour, who has the same package, experienced the same issue and managed to get an engineer booked for Tuesday, 10th December. When I contacted Vodafone, I was told CityFibre hadn’t completed the job for my address. After several calls, I was advised to wait three days for their Artificial Intelligence system to fix the issue—an absolute joke!On Wednesday, 11th December, a CityFibre engineer called, claiming to be outside my house. However, he was confused and accidentally contacted the wrong customer. When he did arrive, he found that my ONT box hadn’t been provisioned properly during installation. This explained the intermittent service. He resolved it, but on Thursday, 12th December, the internet went down again at 8am.The back-and-forth between Vodafone and CityFibre has been exhausting. Vodafone repeatedly blamed CityFibre, while CityFibre insisted there was no issue. Neither party took responsibility, and I had to push Vodafone to escalate the issue each time. Diagnostics tests were run over and over, but the problem persisted—a flashing red alarm light on the fibre box.To make matters worse, I bumped into a CityFibre engineer on the road, and he confirmed the ONT boxes in my area needed replacing. However, he couldn’t proceed because Vodafone hadn’t submitted the necessary report. Vodafone also refuses to confirm conversations or actions by email, citing internal policies.Despite being within the 14-day cooling-off period, Vodafone has made it nearly impossible to cancel my contract, claiming their system won’t allow it.I’m sharing this to raise awareness about the appalling service from both Vodafone and CityFibre. The lack of communication, accountability, and professionalism has been incredibly frustrating. If this doesn’t improve soon, I’ll be forced to escalate the matter further."
"Awful service in geral it is not 1 star is 0 stars.I am Portuguese from Portugal but due to my work I was living in the USA, I decided to buy an iPhone and since I could do it by finance I decided to buy it in T-mobile I always pay everything on time by almost the end I came to Portugal I still owed three hundred and something dollars to finish the whole thing so I decided to pay the whole thing and close the account because in Portugal I am not going to use a t-mobile card I am using a Portuguese card I should mention I pay more for my phone to be unlock so I can use any mobile service. So I pay the rest and try to use a Portuguese card and it doesn’t work the phone is not unlock so I contact T-Mobile cuz they can fix this online. Well no help they say they can find my process it is like the account never existed I explain that I close it that I am overseas. They never find it, I don’t wanna deal with them anymore so I just pay to get my phone unlock, 60 euros.They by the end cant finish the process to unlock my phone because T- mobile says that I owe 668 $. And I don’t, probably the new owner of the card owes that.And when I try to ask for help the excuse is always that they can’t find my account.So right now I have a iPhone 13 Pro Max that I can’t use because is blocked."
"Want to waste 3 hours of a perfectly good day? Call AT&T customer support for something easy and straight-forward. Then get told you have the wrong department. Expect to get hung up on during the ""transfer"". Try new number, speak to new agent & get told the same thing and then hung up on again. Rinse repeat for 3 hours and never have your issue settled.  Their strategy is to play department ping-pong until you have completely lost hope of ever fixing your simple issue. Cherry on top; Their Fraud Department is completely brain dead with zero decision making power. Literally worst customer service, ever- I would give AT&T a negative 5 star rating if I could."
"Avoid this company they overcharge you, threaten to impact your credit score and threaten to charge you a payment fee for services I don’t even have.I cancelled my broadband and gave 30 days notice as per my contract. And I have an email confirmation of my cancellation. My services are out of contract in September 2024 and stop on 31st October 2024 however Vodafone are insisting I have to pay upto 28th November even though my service stops in October and I’m out of contract in the previous month September. Chat staff disconnect you, transfer you and threaten you.Avoid this company and I shall take this ludicrous company further.Regards your reply which is just a generic reply to all complaints:I do not have either Facebook,X or instagram account. If Vodafone had told me this was the only way to resolve and issue u wouldn’t have joined them I the first place. What happened to a customer service phone number? Oh that’s right it comes down to cost saving from Vodafone. You are a joke of a company"
Worst company EVERRRRRRR. No stars but they wouldn't let me comment with one!!   WORST!!!!  THEY WILL SCREW YOU BAD!!!!
"DO NOT GET TMOBILE PHONE OR INTERNET!  Customer service is horrible, they transfer you to one department, that department then transfers you back cause they say that you should not have been transfered in the first place. The rebates they offer are a scam. They have you jump through hoops to get it yet you still don't receive it. The customer care supervisors (Cliff) lie to you even though everything is recorded. Then they try to blame another company (amazon) until you tell and send them the email from amazon stating they have absolutely nothing to do with said promotion. Stay far away from this company, unless you like wasting time talking to them only to get nothing accomplished!"
"I am very disappointed and I will be signing up with a different cellphone provider. ATT ran a promotion regarding trading in a phone to get the flip phone free. I traded in my phone however, due to the representative at the Southfield store swearing up and down that I was signed in with the correct plan for the promotion, he lied. Even though it was ATT fault they said that they cannot honor the trade in promotion however, you still got my phone. I will no longer like to do business with ATT any longer."
"I'm complaining about the AT&T office in Columbia MS by the Dollar Tree!! My husband and I went to have his phone unlocked so he could use another SIM card in the phone. My husband has already talked to AT&T on the phone and they told him to go the office and they could help my husband.When we walked into this office the man at the first desk looked at us all confused and didn't know what he was doing. Then when the employee asked the other employee if the wanted to do paperwork the reply ""No I'm eating Cake"" and both employees were watching tv on the big TV. There were super rude!! Terrible Customer service!!"
"I cancelled the company's business phone service with ATT April 2024, then saw a bill for a credit of $6k. Instead of receiving a check, I later received another bill for $2k. Turns out, they switched the account number from my old one to a new one, and were paying the bills with the credit that was left over. Now, not only do they not want to refund the credit but they want me to pay $3k. They are claiming that number was tied to our account, but if it was, when I cancelled, why didn't they cancel it as well? Why did they switch the account number from the old phone number to this new phone number. I was speaking to customer service, and when I made that statement, the lady hung up on me or something because she was no longer on the line."
"Date of experience 08.19.2024Home internet is down for 2 days now, still waiting for a technician to show up. They force you wasting hours of your day just waiting for them to show up and resolve the problem. No one from customer service is able to provide a straight forward reply. Still waiting. Nightmare"
I would’ve put 0 stars …When opening account representative gave a different amount but when bill came was double amount. Don’t listen to “the special discounts “ it’s a scam . Customer service not helpful.
They’re overcharging me and giving me horrible excuses for the extreme amount of money I’m having to pay.
"We canceled our account and 3 lines (one of which was never in use by us or anyone else) and T Mobile continued to charge us. When I called to complain they refused to refund us. I’ve since had to file fraud with my bank, and will be pursuing legal action. Long story short, unless you want horrible service and to pay for something you no longer use, avoid T Mobile."
"You can tell the people they hired are paid by the hour. The last several interactions I've had are outsourced so you can not even understand half of what is being said (and I'm in customer service and normally can) then simple what should be 5 minutes calls are put on hold for things the ""expert"" should know like 14 minutes to see how many gigs of data I used last month. Another 17 minutes on hold to tell me that I can upgrade my plan for one month for my vacation to get extra gigs. SERIOUSLY? 49 minutes for this convo- I'm traveling to mexico next week- wanted to make sure my plan covers international travel.  Her you only have 5gigs of data- me- can I buy more data?  That was the extent in entirety for 49 minutes! Not including the hour wait to talk to a tech. The people answering the phones there are just milking the clock. Or just not familiar in the slightest with where they work."
"Avoid Like The Plague. Customer services are very pleasant but wholly ineffective.EE are on the same network coverage as are Utility Warehouse, who do a very good unlimited sim.You have been warned."
Terrible customer service . You stay on hold for hours than get transfered to someone to stay on hols some more. Customers time doesn't matter to them at all
Unbelievable ! Wanted to switch from Verizon to t mobile. T mobile wanted to check my credit score !!! Have never seen this!! How can I allow you to check and hurt my credit score to get phone line or just to switch !!? You get a new customer and I have to pay for it by hurting my credit!! Unbelievable. I would never recommend t mobile to anyone
"Have not been happy so I switched to AT&T the phone I switch I can’t return if I could I would switch back cricket now I went to get a new screen, but I was cracked. They told me it was going to be free when I got my phone a couple months ago. It cost me $10. I feel like they lie all the time. Tell me my phone bill every $75. It’s now 95 When I switched, it was $92"
"March 2024 I corresponded with an AT&T representative regarding pricing.  His exact words were the price will not go up for the following year.  The first month of the second year it goes up $6.September 12th, 2024 at 0235 am my internet goes offline.  Three separate calls to AT&T, my service is down along with 45 other residents.  One employee went as far to say AT&T techs are striking, management is clueless as to fix the issue therefore be prepared for a long term no-service.So literally a multimillion dollar company with upper management ran by morons with no concern for its customers.  I had to cancel two internet business calls and all I could get was a sorry but we can refund you $4.Unfortunately residing in Pensacola, Florida you are limited to finding quality internet companies and unfortunately stuck with low grade companies like AT&T with a 1.3 rating out of 5 being the best on BBB.  I spoke with a neighboring resident who has Starlink.  He said you pay more but it is quality internet.  That’s the route I’m taking.  Two of the three contracted employees from AT&T said they are not from the United States but live overseas.  So AT&T doesn’t even employ US residents but pays foreigners instead.This company is total crap!Rod WeberPensacola, Florida"
T-Mobile is the absolute worst!!! I just got a bill and a debt collector statement on the same day when I canceled my service on October 20. The bill was for October 10-Nov 09. Again I canceled on Oct 20. Oh and it had a $15.50 late charge even though I never got a final statement. Keshayla rep# 1010734 explained to me that even though I only had service for 10 days I had to pay for the entire month and didn't even offer to take off the late charge because she claimed I was texted the final bill which is bull because I never received said text and they don't prorate. Paying for 2/3 of a month that I did not have any service is a ridiculous so they can forget getting my money
"I've spent more than 2 months trying to resolve an over-billing issue - including speaking to at least 2 supervisors, who promised to review the account and call me back in 24 to 48 hours. Never received a call back and the issue is still open. Incredibly bad customer service - time to find a new carrier!"
"THEY ARE NOTHING BUT LIARS! Their advertising is false, they DETEST THE MILITARY, they do not stand by their products, & their customer service, especially Shane, will lie from the first word out of their mouths! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE BUSINESS!!! Oh & the read from a scripts & just keep at it. Liars, all of them!"
"Poor customer service, e mails ignored and an impossible web site to follow. Bounced from dept to dept on the phone, after two hours gave up. After 30 years I'm going to a provider who values customers."
"I eventually got past the condescending sad sounding stupid computer that only knows ""I'm sorry I didn't understand that"" and eventually get through to a person who also doesn't understand simple English. ""I would like an additional SIM on our household account"", ""I'm sorry, you're not allowed to upgrade your handset yet"" (what?)... ""I don't want to upgrade my handset, I want an additional SIM on my household account"". ""Sorry you must wait until 15th January to upgrade your handset"". Whatever they're putting in the tea, it's psychoactive, in a bad way..."
Worst customer service. Don’t waste your time & money if you have other providers choose them. They have hired worst people to give phone support. They will cut the call on you.Very disappointed.
I was recently assisted by Bilaal in the Stratford-upon-Avon store whilst setting up a new business contract. Bilaal himself was very helpful and knowledgeable. I have been attempting to transfer my business contract with O2 to a new business contract with Vodafone. I first visited the Stratford-upon-Avon store in October 2024 and the team were unable to assist me on the day due to technical limitations and my limited company credit check being unable to be processed. I spent approximately three hours in store whilst the team called multiple departments trying to resolve the system issues but in the end they were unable to successfully set up a new business contract for me. I visited the store again in November 2024 and experienced the same issues with my bank details being greyed out on the internal Vodafone systems meaning my credit check could not complete. As at the time of this review I have still been unable to successfully set up a new business contract with Vodafone. The team were as helpful as they could be but due to the incredibly poor and outdated computer systems I am still unable to open a new contract for my business phone. This is taking a considerable amount of time and is no closer to being resolved. I would advise Vodafone upgrade their systems for business credit checks and completely re-evaluate how they service business customers in store. This is some of the worst provider service I have ever received and I would not recommend Vodafone to any other business owners looking to set up new contracts going forward.
"Customer service is atrocious. No 5g on an iPhone 15 for 10 months, took 10 calls ( 15+ hours), 3 shop visits and 5 live chats to fix the problem which came about through me researching and telling support what to do.Was offered (when I called up ) £10 VOUCHER as compensation. Eventually worked this to £150.Tried to leave the company but told no unless you pay leaving contract fee. Only reason I signed up to a new contract was I was told this may fix the issue. I didn’t."
They don't let you easily cancel your internet service even if you have moved out ! They make the process challenging. You have to call many times. Not nice! Not ethical!
I have my sons phone plan payments linked to my checking account and it’s on auto pay for the 29th of every month and evidently it did not come out due to we were homeless at the time and they went into my account on November 8 and just took out the payment without notifying me first which is illegal it’s unauthorized and its theft when I called the girl we just went round in circles and I hung up on her. She called back. I told her to give my money back or report you to authorities that she took out money Out of my account unauthorized and it’s theft!
Ordered an additional handset to be collected from the store due to having my own business and long working hours. Visited the store up to now 3 times to collect and due to the systems been down at the hull St stephens store the manager could not release it. Not only could she not release it but you only have 7 days to collect it and she couldn't extend that time as after 7 days of them having it they automatically send it back regardless of this issue been their issue. They would not allow me to be identified via calling Vodafone and doing it over the phone. The managers attitude was just cancel it if you don't want it. ! I do want it! She repeatedly said that and repeatedly said how she was annoyed with the systems not working but showed no empathy or sympathy for the 30 miles round trip I was making each time. On top if this she could nit offer a home delivery in any way . Also when visiting the next day there was still no computers working and the younger man in charge was even worse with attitude and costumer service. There was either no will to even try and no problem solving skills within the team even when I said why don't they take my I'd scan it now and then send out to me she waved her hands about and said no. The guy today said its against the law! Which it isn't. He said he would be fired but his attitude was just worse in his facial expressions. He didn't want to deal with anything and when I said well can I have a phone call to say your up and running again as the next time I come will be 4 times of 30 mile round trips..he stated look I don't know how many miles you do and I will take your number but can't guarantee anyone is going to call you! When I asked why that was..he said because it's not up to me to get someone else and I cannot make someone else do it if I'm not here. The systems and processes are ridiculous and Vodafone do not care about customer experience. Big company low quality service!
I have been working with AT&T. They will ask you to drop resignation email in next 30 mins anytime you will b kicked out
My contract was with Vodafone I have to admit its a good solid network..but the price rises year after year and nothing back from them ...now I'm with giffgaff and after 3 month they just gave me a full gigabit of free back up data in case I run out..from £38.50 a month to £10.00 and speeds faster its a no brainer...20 odd years loyalty..I'm off..bye .
We were incorrectly charged $199 for service transfer when we moved. Two representatives informed us by phone that there would be no charge for the U-Verse move. The retention department would not remove the fee even after we requested cancellation.
"What an absolutely shocking company to deal with. Ordered broadband router arrived very quickly. At 00.17 on the day of the engineer appointment received an unintelligible voicemail. Then took all that morning talking to robots to eventually learn that the “backend team” whatever that is, had cancelled the order. Left with no connection whatsoever as bt connection cancelled at midnight. I was going to have this installed at my own home but after the fiasco at my employers house not a chance. It’s beyond shocking and polite language will not let me express how I really feel. AVOID."
I'm with vodafone but not for much longer been with them for yearsIn my contract I have secure net I pay £1.20 per month.I use it quite a but I have gone to use it tonight.To use the full security I need to rejoin.I done it.One only the basic if I wanted to check everything it wanted more personal detailsThis is what it is askingFull nameAddressTelephone number / mobile numberBank detailsCredit card or bank card numberDriving licencePassportWhy do you need all this information are you scarm
I have been with t mobile for almost a year on on prepaid. The phone I bought from them has been giving me problems. I went there to get a new phone and contract. They gave me the ran around and wanted me to give them plus $400 dollars in deposit for a new phone.  I went to AT&T and got new phone 20min later . Now I want to downgrade my service on their prepaid number they are giving me the ran around again saying my account is suspended. I told them I don't have an account with them the number is prepaid. Hours on end no solution from the service desk. It's pathetic and I will never use this company again
I'd give a zero if I could. there accounting is all messed up their phone serve ice is shotty and drops. I get a collection letter then the rep says ignore the collection letter but there is a balance owed different form the collection letter. this is after they send me a final bill to close out the account of a different amount.
"As an autistic person trying to become a customer.I found the accessibility number, it was not accessible, team member was not helpful and refused to give her name and proceeded to hang up on me.Chat bot was horrendous to deal with and didn’t get through to a real person.Went through to real agent in text, gave wrong advice with led to sensory overload.How can you help a disabled person who needs to speak to someone verbally without the automated stuff which sends them spiralling?"
"T-mobile billing department has been annoying, dishonest, incompetent and harassing us!"
"T Mobile is overhyped and overrated.   I switched from Verizon due to cost & customer service. T Mobile customer service is second to none.  That's where it ends.  The T Mobile service doesn't live up to its hype.  I drop calls like itthe 80's and service is none existent in many stores or buildings. When my 2 years are up, I will return to Verizon."
"My internet service has now been out almost 2 days. They offered me $15 for the inconvenience. That may have worked in 2019. However, with most people working from home this is a major inconvenience and you offered $15. Internet isn’t the only service I can’t use right now. This is absolutely ridiculous. The reps suggestion was to use my mobile hotspot. Why should I have to if I paid for internet in my home.  He offered to get me a phone contract through AT&T. I assume the service is as bad as the internet service. Seriously thee worse experience and thee worse resolution. I have other service providers that can hook new service up quicker than you guys are fixing the issue."
"Bad service. Calls randomly end on my Galaxy S24 ultra and previously owned phones (Galaxy A54, One Plus Nord N 30). I've called Samsung and T Mobile too many times do the same troubleshooting steps over and over but still didn't fix the issue. It can't be the phone because it has happened on more than one of my devices"
"I called because I’m thinking of switching companies. New plans at new places offer discounts. I have been with AT&T since we had bag phones. The rep actually said, she has t-mobile. They offer good deals"
"Used my TMobile iphone on a densely populated street in a U.S. city called Chicago. A metropolitan area of 8,984,000. At 6:29 pm CDT on 8/26/2024, received the following text from TMobile customer service:""We hope that you are enjoying your plan benefits! Your usage has been roaming off our network, which violates our terms and conditions. If this line ( ) continues to roam extensively over the next month, your line will be canceled.""Called TMobile customer service to ensure it wasn't spam. It wasn't. I was advised to get a Tmobile coverage map to avoid this heinous error in the future. Yes, I am to memorize the Tmobile coverage map at all times, street-by-street, in the center of the 3rd largest city in the USA. Assumed that, because TMobile has 77 stores in a city of this size,this carrier would have full coverage. Bad customer that I am, I was wrong. I learned that I need to memorize the TMobile coverage map in Chicago. And most everywhere that I use the phone. I have learned the hard way, after 18 months of timely payments totaling $1566, I learned what an awful customer I am. One more incident like this and TMobile will terminate my line. I only wish I could attach a copy of the above text from TMobile to share with the world. If TMobile wonders the identity of the evil customer who posted this review, then I suggest that they check texts they sent at 6:29 pm CDT on Monday, August 26, 2024. Oh, and I then learnt that the ""roaming zone"" in question was within TMobile's prime 5G area."
"Twice in just 3 months , internet crashed . No connection. The customer service at the phone ask too many questions about identification, not just the account number and it takes long time at the phone saying the same thing over and over again before finally ( as I said from the beginning) an engineer is booked. The engineer is booked only for the outside service but as always it turns out to be a problem inside the house, so after the first 72 h , I need to wait other 72h to get a engineer to come home!!Not a reliable service!!!"
"The worst customer services ever. The Customers Service Representative have not clue of what they doing it. Always they given you a wrong answer, refusing escalating your phone call or TO to Supervisor. I will never ever would recommended to anyone to hired AT&T. In more the one opportunity I was hold in the phone for over an hour + and not being help."
AT&T has the very Worst Customer Service In the Country!!! When you call it is Next to Impossible to Get A Live Representative without going through the Virtual Assistant Giving You the Run Around. There App is Absolute Crap and is the Same! I’ve been with them 22 years and they want you to pay automatically! I don’t do automatic payments to anyone except my Life Insurance! I absolutely Despise Calling Them! They make to much Money to have   Poor Service like this🎉💙🎉💙
Absolutely horrible customer service. Been deployed overseas and tried to get my phone unlocked which has been a hassle. They said it would take 24-48 hours to get my device unlocked. I have been here a week and they still haven't unlocked my phone and are still charging me $12 a day for international saying it will take 3-5 more business days to review my account and unlock my phone. The worst phone company i have ever dealt with and once my devices are paid off I am switching carriers to a company that actually cares about it's customers!
"Terrible customer service, but what would you expect from a dishonest company. Every month when I look at my bill, I have to spend an hour or more on the phone with Tmobile trying to get some sneaky additional fees removed. After wasting time trying to upsell me to new services, they inevitably admit that the charges were added in error, but next month it happens again. I think they just keep trying, believing that eventually they can pass one by me without my noticing. These fees range from $50 to over $100 per month. Agents are polite but feel free to lie as necessary to make the customer happy. Just because you call in and get your complaint ""resolved"" does not mean that you are not going to have to call in again when you find that your bill is still incorrect and they have charged your card. Then be prepared to waste more time with agents who assume you are in the wrong and fail to grasp the problem. An additional trick they use is to charge you the erroneous fees but say that they will reduce your next month's bill by the amount in question. However on the next bill, they will have made the adjustment but added some other false fees and random deductions to create lots of confusion which is far beyond any of their support team's capability of understanding. I suppose they are banking on customers just giving up. Frustrating!"
"We've been trying to sort out our broadband with Vodafone for over a month. An engineer came round on the installation day, and said he couldn't install due to an issue connecting our flat to the main wifi hub in the building - they would need to insert extra lines.They sent an engineer a few days later who was meant to resolve this, but he hadn't been informed of the first visit so we just got told the same thing. He said he would escalate our request.Since then, we were told Vodafone and the engineers would be in contact to resolve this. They didn't contact us, so we called Vodafone who gave us a date for when this review would be complete (today). When we checked in, they said they had no update for us, ""our hands are tied"" and we should check back in on the 29th. When my housemate tried to express your frustration, the agent ended the chat.We've been loyal Vodafone customers - my housemate used Vodafone broadband in his previous house for 3 years and has had a phone contract with Vodafone for 10 years. I've had a phone contract with Vodafone for a year.It's pathetic that this is how loyalty is being rewarded - as a customer service rep myself, the one thing you can do when other things are holding up a resolution is ensure you keep providing regular updates, and the lack of this from Vodafone has been shocking. If we get wifi installed and working before the new year I'll be genuinely surprised. Awful, awful experience so far."
"Att customer service has directly lied 3 times to me,  3 phone calls over in 2 months. I've learned something new every time. All I tried to do is enroll in auto pay.  Today my internet is off and being in auto pay for two months, I still have to manually pay myself. They took my card information twice,  however have no record of it.  I don't understand how a big company can be this bad."
"Sell you a defective device, lie about the connection quality, refuse to resolve the matter snd ignore you until its out of warranty then send debt collectors after you when you refuse to pay them for a useless device"
I wish I could give a zero for this company. The worse company ever! Phones doesn’t works and they charge you a huge bill for a phone that won’t work at all! No connection or anything! Terrible terrible. I’m being charged $300 almost $400  for a bill that was supposed to be $110 a month
STILL NOTHING FROM VODAFONE !! WASTED HOURS AND HOURS ON THE PHONE AND BOTS !! STILL CRAP COVER YET NO ONE DOES ANYTHING HAPPY TO TAKE MY MONEY EACH MONTH BUT NEVER CONTACT ME .. I JUST HAVE TO KEEP WASTING MY TIME **** useless pathetic reply I HAVE DONE ALL OF THE BELOW REPLY MANY TIMES AND WASTED HOURS OF MY TIME AND STILL GET NOTHING DONE .. YOU CALL ME AND RESOLVE THIS ISSUE WHY SHOULD I KEEP WASTING HOPURS OF MY TIME CRAP COMPANY CRAP SERVICE CRAP RESPONSES
"T-Mobile is trash! If I could give them zero stars I would. Customer service is horrendous, rude and they over promise and do not deliver. They are not for the customer, they over charge us. I have had several times when my service was interrupted unnecessarily and added restore fees and they wouldn’t remove the fees but restored service and none of this was no fault of mine and all they could say is I apologize, this company is so un professional it’s ridiculous. I am very displeased and plan on leaving after years. I highly DO NOT recommend"
"Following my review regarding poor service and damage by engineers on behalf of Vodafone, their response below the review was to refer me back to the same process as before. Please arrange to fix the damage, Vodafone. Order no. 0001000038950941."
Worst home Inet service ! Do not subscribe
"Customer service sucks beyond belief. First, they don't post the information I need to obtain a PIN to tranfer service. They pretend to, but the information posted says to click a link that DOESN'T EXIST. Then, they hung up on me my first call and never answered my second call. 35 minutes on hold to get nothing done is unacceptable."
"I am writing to express my profound dissatisfaction with the service I have received from AT&T. The experience has been extremely frustrating and has caused me significant inconvenience.The issues began when I traded in my device and it was subsequently lost by AT&T. Despite my efforts to locate the device, I have been provided with conflicting information and have been unable to resolve the matter.Furthermore, I was misled by a sales representative who provided inaccurate information regarding the cost of my service plan. This has resulted in unexpected charges and has added to my frustration.I have made multiple visits to the store and have spoken with the manager, but the situation remains unresolved. I have also been on hold for extended periods of time when calling customer service, only to be disconnected without speaking to a representative.I am deeply disappointed with the level of service I have received and would like to request immediate assistance in resolving these issues. I would appreciate a prompt response and a fair resolution to this matter.Thank you for your attention to this matter."
Been waiting for four hours off and on the phone to get a brand new I-Phone activated. Still waiting for a Tech to solve the issue. What can be so difficult about adding another cell phone line to the account already established with three other cell phones???!!!
T-Mobile ripped me off. The best way to get a real response from T-Mobile for a complaint for getting ripped off is to email the CEO then  the most important thing is put in a complaint to the FCC. T-Mobile executive team must reach out to you try to resolve and then respond to the FCC within thirty days. The links for both is:  put a .com at the end of his email Mike.Sievert@T-Mobile   He is the CEO. Read this about what you file a complaint about. Then go to the FCC site and file a complaint.  Hope this helps.
"I switched to T Mobile in April, 2024. During the switch, the rep offered me a “free” tablet to accompany the tablet line for my granddaughter. Unfortunately, neither the phones nor the tablet ever had service at my house. After over 2 months of no service at my house, I cancelled and switched back to Verizon. Of course, upon cancellation, the tablet was suddenly no longer free and not returnable. So, I paid the balance and was assured by the rep that it would be unlocked and available to use on any other network. I took him at his word but did not attempt to use the tablet until the end of August. That is when I discovered that it was still locked to T Mobile. I have spoken to MANY different techs and even went back to the original store in an effort to get the thing unlocked. Now, T Mobile is telling me that it is unlocked (it’s not) and refuses to help anymore. I spent several hundred dollars on a device that I couldn’t use (it’s still locked because it was only on their network for several days and was on WI-FI the rest of the time) and still can’t use because I couldn’t use it on their network due to having no service at my house. STAY AWAY FROM THIS SCAM!!"
Was told my credit card would be refunded. When I called back I was told the refund was denied. After I expressed my anger the agent spoke to her supervisor and I was told I would receive an email the next day stating I would be receiving a refund. I never received an email or a refund as of today. I am still chasing the refund for the principal of it.
"I received an e-mail that informed me my monthly bill will go up by $2. That was last week. Today I see news of T-Mobile is acquiring U.S. Cellular for $4.4b. That explains the $2/mo increase… I, and others, are paying for T-Mobile’s acquisition costs. Outrageous! Insulting. I’m infuriated by this garbage. And should I find a better plan, you bet I’m going to switch. If I’m paying more for the acquisition of another cellular provider, I should receive stock + dividends. I’m just a pawn ♟️ in this larger chess game. Wish I had attorneys who’d look out for me, and Sue T-Mobile ~ formerly Primeco. I’d like to kick that pink alien 🤖 phone in the circuits."
Left EE to go on a sim only plan which took 4 months and about 35hrs (yes no kidding) to get this sim connected after sending me 3 faulty sims out. I still paid for the 4 months I was waiting for sim to be connected.This company is better kept away from.
"I would give ""0"" if I could.  I am not complaining about the service across the country, although much improvement is necessary even on Interstates Freeways.  Instead, I am complaining about false advertisements for deals and rates.  As a senior citizen I chose to go with T-Mobile for its over 55 rates and I also chose to upgrade our phones because we were long overdue for new phones.  We went through Costco because not only were they giving $400 dollars per trade-in for each of our phones, but a Costco gift card on top of that (which they did). One year and seven months later, we are still paying for the phones, and it turns out to be FULL PRICE without the $400 trade-in. Their Customer Service is useless because I called about the bill within the first six months, and they said that our bills would reflect the $800 for the two trade-ins in due time.  Well, the bills continue at full rate. How dare they take advantage of seniors."
"Terrible WiFi. It’s 2024, there shouldn’t be downtimes in internet service EVERY DAY FOR HOURS. PLEASE DONT CHOOSE THIS PROVIDER!!"
"I keep ringing to speak to someone with sense. 1 in 10 calls you might get someone with common sense, but I doubt it. Small minds think we all have social media. Not everyone is a follower. I REPEAT small minded people. NO SOCIAL MEDIA IN MY WORLD."
"Leaving after nearly 20 years with Vodafone.Recently had an issue with Hilton Hotel customer service leaving me on hold for 45 mins. Turns out the call was in USA. The one call came to £120 for that one overseas call. Ironically the call to Hilton was for a refund of £40 :) however, after finding out Vodafone can bolt on for £6 to cover this and 100 mins of international calls, I called to explain and ask for help. But! it was too late now to add the £6 package and they couldn't help me. There was no warning about call charges during the call whatsoever.I have autism and ADHD and I am flagged on the system with Vodafone as a vulnerable person eligible for additional support. Yet no sympathy for this situation, just a massive bill.So I called to cancel my number today only to find out they want another £76 to disconnect my number.Poor show Vodafone,"
"After numerous visits, numerous mess upsThe most rude employee named Ritesh was not only terrible with greeting us at the entrance but also rude when we tried to actually get help with our issue"
This company would not be getting any referral regarding g new customers from me. I have been with this company for 5 years plus and customer service sucks. This company would getva -10 rating. I advice no one to get your services with them. They have f...Ed up my account many times.
"I have had a cell phone for about 3 decades, originally with Unicell here in the Mad River Valley of Vermont, and then ATT bought that company. I used to get 3-4 bars of service at my house, and very spotty service or none in the Valley. A few years ago they started charging extra ""administrative"" fees, as they started rolling out 5G. Then I started getting only 1-2 bars at my house. Last year they increased the cost of my plan (unlimited talk/text + 4 GB data with some rollover) by $5. Last month they notified me that my plan will be going up by another $5. I researched and decided to change to a prepaid plan for $25/month, prepaid for a year. I tried to do that over the phone but after waiting on hold for a while, I was told I would have to call the prepaid phone number. I called that number and it turned out that number was only for dealing with an existing prepaid account. I tried calling the main number again. The wait time was about a half hour so I opted for the callback. Within a half minute of receiving the callback, the call dropped. I waited for another call but none came. I called the number again and this time the wait was about 1 1/2 HOURS. I called a nearby (40 minute drive) ATT store. Matthew said he could set that up but I had to make an appointment. He set that up for yesterday afternoon at 3:30. I arrived a minute early and found Matthew with a family trying to make up their minds, and he was the only employee there. I waited about 15 minutes and I had to not only tell him that I had an appointment but I had to tell him again why I was there. He asked for my driver's license, but I knew from previous experience that store employees demand that and copy it or enter all of that info into their system, even if you only want to buy a charging cable. I only use my passport ID card because it has less personal info to get hacked. After entering all of the info, he asked for the ID again and had to re-enter all info. He told me that I did not need a new SIM, but I showed him on my phone that I did, so he charged me another $5+ tax and installed one. That process took another half hour. I now have service again, but I will be waiting to see what comes next. In the fine print, ATT can change terms at any time, without notice. I have never had a good experience with ATT and I do not trust the company. The terms are very long and complex (yes, I try to read the fine print)."
Service didn’t work from day 1. I spoke to countless advisors who all either passed me on to someone else or said they couldn’t help. I’ve never dealt with a worst company in honesty. Repeating every conversation with someone new who also couldn’t help. Please avoid at all costs!
"AT&T is trying to scam people. When you first get an AT&T line, their customer service is friendly, and they offer you a good price. However, once you receive your first bill, you'll be shocked. They charge various taxes that seem unreasonable, such as communication tax, 911 charges, and state tax. It feels like you went to buy a beer, and then they suddenly ask for licensing fees, food and beverage tax, resale certificate fees, and company registration fees, among others. Be careful don't go with them."
Just spent 20 minutes going in circles around the Vodafone 191 automated system trying to speak to a human and it was impossible.I will be cancelling my contract tomorrow. Absolutely disgusting lack of service.
I paid for service that said I got wifi-calling and for 2 months I didn't have wifi-call.  So in fact they sold me a false bit of good. That is called false advertisement!!!
Worst there is! They don't help unless it's taking your money! Be careful they steal your hard earned money!!! 🤬
"switched from ATT.  From day 1, most calls get dropped and more than 50% of text messages won't go through.    After 12 FULL hours with Tmobile support, they could not figure out how to make their service work.   I then asked chatGPT and it said to check if I was using Google messages.  Sure enough, the employee at the store had installed and set that up as my text app WITHOUT my permission.   I deleted the Google message app and Text messaging is better, now at least 80%, but still some are being missed and/or delayed significantly.  We tested it is not location based.  Tried connecting at 5+ cell towers with 5 bars and still an issue.Switching back to ATT."
"They told me my on the would be 70$ on the 8th of January smh come to find out they charged me 125$ instead of the 70 and said it was due on the 2nd well after they read the agreements too me, these people are scammers  DO NOT DO business with them . You never reach anyone from customer service , it’s always atleast an hour most like because of more complaints that they’re receiving , terrible company ."
"Each month, they have an extra charge for something that makes no sense.If you complain, they will say it is in policy, which means they created a fake policy to make the charge valid!!Very unpolite customer service.I lost my cases to my online account. It has been over two months, and they still say it is a technical issue we are working on.If you call overseas from WhatsApp, they still charge you.The rate is 0.terrible company."
"AT&T has the worst customer service and everybody at the store will lie to you to get any results. They can just sign you up so as far as AT&T is concerned, service is definitely the worst people lie to you and their customer service. They don’t even talk to you. I was waiting on the phone for customer service. They said give you give me 10 minutes then an hour later nobody still answered the phone again. AT&T is the worst company ever And they’ve gotten worse and they’re gonna keep getting worse because they don’t care about any of their customers that’s how bad they are now"
They suck !!!!!!
CUSTOMER CARE WAIT TIME HORRENDOUS AND INCOMPETENT
Spent way too long trying to cancel something simple. Paid my bill and they still sent Ardent credit services after me. Scam company
"Vodafone continue to hide behind the 3rd party scammers Onecom Ltd, despite the contract being with the scammers, Vodafone sit quiet collecting the direct debits. Asking their useless, customer relation manager?? Emmar, who fail to provide information regarding your commencement date of the DD, not that he can be understood anyway. It is about time Emmar, was promoted to compiling the 10 fake reviews per hour on trustpilot, so they remain at a fake 5 star. If you took Vodafone’s fake reviews away, it would reveal the one star company they really are."
"Horrible company, horrible service, worst customer service ever!"
AT&T/Direct TV- Tried to cancel after my husband passed away and I could not afford it. They continued to charge me and added a third more on my next bill.  Many phone calls to try and correct it.  Then they called me offering me more deals.  Not listening to me and up charging me when I am already struggling.
"The worst customer service I have ever experienced. I spent literally 3 hours to request a CSR document for my business and they either give me runarounds, sending me to different departments or say they would call back. They never call back. If you call back they all of the sudden have an 11-12 hour wait. What a joke. I don’t understand why it is so hard to just give me ONE DOCUMENT. Unprofessional and unreliable."
I popped in there today & they was really rude especially the lady I was speaking too had some issue about something but no help at all
"AT&T experienced several data breaches compromising customer information.  3 days following one such breach, an account was opened in my name without my knowledge or permission.  I explained this to customer service and they had me fill out a form and file a police report.  Nevertheless, they denied the form and said I was still responsible for payment! They sent it to collections and have not removed it.  AT&T has permamently lost my busuness and I highly recommend avoiding business with this company."
"I signed up for service online and ordered a phone. My daughter decided to put me on her service, family plan since it would be easier on me since I'm on disability and have limited income. I called T-Mobile to cancel and they said that since I haven't received the phone yet when the driver arrives with it, to refuse the phone and they will cancel the service, no problem. That is what I did. I received a bill in the mail for almost $200! I called them and my daughter called them. They said to go to the store in Evansville, IN to tell them and they would handle it. I went to the store and they said to talk to the corporate office about it! I made two payments with two checks, in two months. In the amount owed. Now they sent me another bill saying that I hadn't paid the last bill for $71.58 and now I owe them an additional $7! I have a canceled check that proves I paid. I guess I will have to get the BBB involved. My advice is always to pay by check so you can rub it in their faces that you paid them! And keep your receipts for at least three years in case they try to take you to court for nonpayment. I have so many businesses to do that because if they can get you to pay twice to recover losses in other areas, they will. Do not use T-Mobile. Their customer service is non-existent and they use people that have a thick foreign accent that you can't understand them. When you ask them to speak slower, they ignore you. I plan on looking long and hard for a new service, but from the other reviews on here about other carriers, it's very depressing. And yes, they need to redo the stars to have a ""no star"" option on here."
T-Mobile's service is literally so bad that every time I send an email from my phone I can count on 1 or 2 not going thru and having to recompose and resend. Just garbage reception and customer service
What a very sore company I tell them I had covid and that I won't have no money until the 19th and that my account will go negative if they take it out and what do they do still take it out and they said that they would help me but yet they still took it out I will be changing carriers once this is done and over!!!!
rating indicates that most customers are generally dissatisfiedThis company is unacceptable and inappropriate they cannot manage a simple task at all
Worst customer service ever !!! We are switching back to t mobile.  The service is good they cost less . Good coverage.  At&t is just expensive for nothing.
"My line was cut of even tho my contract is still on going when I contacted customer service they said something about some other provider did it but the thing is I didn't go to any other provider (i think they are just BSing to save there skin) and when I explained everything they just say ""oh, ok we will place a new order and it will probably fix it"" and the order gets cancelled. This happened 4 times and no solution still its almost been 2 moths and don't have the service I paid for. I have to say dog Shit service with no real solution they could have just removed the other providers line and put in ours"
Aboustley horrible service they will lie straight to your face I was told by at&t repetitive that the phone I was getting was free for switching my and that I would not see a bill for 2 months now 2 months later I receive the guess wat they are charging me the phone and I did not receive my discount for having wifi already has been 6 months I continuously have to call because I am not receiving my discount to this day beware THER ARE LIAR'S I have herd from other people I am not the only one get everything in writing from day one they will rip you offP.M.
"I have been on/off the phone with AT&T since noon today. They have disconnected me three times. I'm simply trying to set up a new LAND LINE service for my mother, who is a senior and disabled. She cannot use a cell phone. They keep trying to get me to buy a flip phone, add internet, or add direct tv. This is not a service that is available to do on their website. You have to call. I have explained, re-explained and explained again. I have had a call back that I've waited 40 minutes for and then when I'm transferred, I get disconnected. I have been on the phone now for 27 minutes, have spoken to two separate people and nobody seems to understand what I'm trying to do, which is really, really simple."
"From the bottom of my heart I urge you to NOT pick Vodafone.  My WiFi was supposed to be installed in July 2024, we ordered the router and waited for somebody to come and install it, month after month it got pushed back, nobody would help us and we went 4 months without our WiFi being installed.  In November somebody finally came to install it; now you’d think that would be sorted - think again. Because I had not paid for the 4 months that we HADNT even used, they cut off our WiFi and said the only way to fix the issue was to pay for the full 6 months and they could refund us afterwards. Come to today, I have paid the full amount of 6 months, and they tell me that we no longer have a contract and I have to order a new router, but I CANNOT change my broadband to another company because “we have a contract with Vodafone”.  I have never had such an incredibly abysmal experience with a company in my whole life.  I have wasted 6 months of my life calling Vodafone for answers and every single time I’m on the phone for 3+ hours and have NO happy outcome. £130 down and STILL NO WIFI.  If I could go back in time I would have picked Gigaclear."
"We went to Vodafone for our WiFi in October 2024 and, to this day, it has not worked even once. They replaced our router, it did nothing. We've on the phone to them multiple times, even been on multiple video calls, and nothing has been resolved.After months of paying for no service and being asked to do the most basic trouble shooting over and over again, we decided to try and terminate our contract. Apparently, we still have to play termination fees, because it seems months of no service and condescending customer service does not qualify us for the right to leave. Also worth noting, the customer representative said there was no notes on our account saying we were even having trouble after multiple calls with them.Don't waste your time on their broadband packages."
"I recently went to a T-Mobile store to get New phones ,I asked if there were any  promotions available  they said yes, So they came up with 2 Samsung Galaxy Phones And two, Samsung Galaxy, Watches, they said it was all promotions, OK By the time I left the store. I paid out $295. I also got there home internet.So I inquired later on how much I would be paying monthly for all this good stuff.I was told.  $256 a month. I asked why show much.I was not informed by the store how much so they told me. 8 lines you're paying for I said. I only have 2 phones And 2 watches They said I had 8 lines . I got screwed by the people at the store and person I talk to on the phone. The guy I said I was getting a good deal. Cost each phone, Was $800.But I got it for free. That's a bunch of Bull c***."
"We upgraded our devices to the iPhone 15 Pro with dual e-sim slots and upgraded our service plans accordingly to Go5G Plus which would make is eligible for upgrades every 2 yrs and with the promo would pay off the phones over those 2 yrs. However, if you wanted to take advantage of the second e-sim slot e.g. for international travel to be able to use foreign networks for faster data and calls while abroad, you couldn’t. If you needed a second e-sim you have to have the phone paid outright AND the device must be used with T-mobile for at least 40 days according to T-mobile’s current policies. It’s not an issue if you added a second T-mobile line to the phone but good luck if you want to use it for travel outside Can or Mex. If you stick to the promo where T-mobile eventually pays off the cost of the phone over 2 years (via monthly credits), you would never be able to access the second e-sim unless you held on to your now 2yr old phone and chose not to upgrade. We have spent hours with customer service trying to explain our needs so that we can use the second e-sim slot: we paid off 2 iPhone 15s, we even said they could re-lock the phones after we added our foreign e-sim. Only under the threats of leaving T-mobile did we get contacts from higher level reps who have now promised us twice that they would unlock the phones. At the time of this review, we have still not gotten any results or updates within the timeframe of their “personal guarantees.” Meanwhile, we are living abroad with less than optimum T-mobile service (using their local partner network). Some local businesses and services we use here require a local number which we have (because we had local plans before we switched devices and plans) but can no longer use or access them since we can’t add the second e-sim.TLDR: International travelers beware. T-Mobile policies don’t make things easy. You can’t use the phone to its full potential. Customer service has not kept its promises."
"Did an upgrade with ATT online after the local store was out of the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra. It was shipped by RLC today via Fedex. It requires a signature and every restriction possible. Fedex says ATT needs to call them to allow holding it at the local Walgreens, but ATT says they can't do that. Fedex also doesn't allow the option to deliver at a time when I'll be home. I work all day from 8-5pm. I've told both Fedex and ATT that they can cancel my order and ship the item back. I will not sign the door tag to have it left at my residence. The ATT rep was very nice I talked to, but this is a systemic failure by both ATT and Fedex. UPS is great and I've never had issues with them. I'd switch to another carrier, but unfortunately, ATT is the only carrier with service where I live. Fedex is a complete joke and I avoid them like the plaque. There is a reason UPS delivers more packages then them."
"My voicemail box is locked and I've been on hold waiting for an agent for 30 minutes now. I run a business and cannot wait this long to speak with an agent! There is no reason that a company like AT&T cannot provide technical assistance in a reasonable time, but they choose to make their customers angry. Must be nice to be almost a monopoly!"
Have be att  uverse customer since it started but they are discontinuing this so the go up on price to get you to drop it. This sh**was not that good lately but u don’t have many choices. There service sucks and if you call u will speak to someone that can not speak  english and they will not help if thy could! If you need cable / internet don’t use them run run or you’ll be sorry THEy SUCK a BIG ONE
I am very disappointed with at&t. I'm not taken seriously because I shouldn't wait for more than a month for mck code. It isn't right. Especially when I'm in another country especially while im contacting the customer service every day. I regret chosing at&t as a provider
"literally had the worst experience and no help whatsoever from att regarding my phone screen and insurance claim. no one could verify my account and the chat agents kept giving me the same run around with no solution. they ended up telling me to go to a store. how inconvenient knowing that not everyone is mobile enough to pick up and go nor does everyone have the ability to drive themselves. completely insensitive to those with physical disabilities.  All the stores around me as well close at 6pm... yeah real clever timing so the store closes when people are getting off work. I pay over $200 in services a month from att and got no where with my issue and was just told to go to a store. save yourself time, money, and tears and switch to a different service while you still can."
"Customer service is absolutely garbage,  is so full of *hit that is about to explode,  worse than you can imagine!!!!"
"I was at an AT&T corporate store and the associate told me if i switched to AT&T Internet Air my bill would be $35/Month. I accepted this offer as it was better than my current internet bill. I received the router, hooked it up and was happy with the service. Then i got my first bill... $60.00 was taken out of my account. I called customer service thinking it must be a mistake. They claimed that the deal the associate offered me had expired 2 days before i signed up. I told them that seems like an AT&T issue and that its AT&T's responsibility to make sure its employees are offering the right deal. AT&T refused to make it right. They effectively stole money out of my bank account and refuse to make it right. I will be canceling my Phone and internet service and i will no longer do business with AT&T. I would highly suggest avoiding this service carrier."
Signed up on the 10/10/24 for broadband and phone. Told router would be with me a few days before connection date on 30/10/24. Day before still nothing and after some looking found my router was being send back to Vodafone. Not communication about this so had to try to contact Vodafone. After over a hour of online chat windows someone from Vodafone confirmed it had been sent back and they would send another one out to be with me within 3 days…. 3 days have passed and no router. But I have been send a message saying my bill of £34 need paying on the 11/11/24. How can my 1st bill be ready after 12 days of when I should of been connected when on the evening of the 2/11/24 there is still no router?Also 30% of the reviews are 1* reviews. How can they have 4.5/5 score?
"I just spent about half an hour waiting to get waited on at a local AT&t branch on Holly avenue, Albuquerque, New Mexico. The employee, the one single employee there was shooting the s*** with one of his friends and their son about cars. Everything they loved about cars for 30 minutes. When I left when I finally left, the one employee asked if he could help me for the first time in those 30 minutes. I told him no. If you're going to shoot the s*** with your friends instead of helping a customer, maybe I'm with the wrong company. This is not acceptable."
"AT&T emailed me someone else’s billing information, full ID, and Full account number. When I called and told them they said there is nothing they can do, the other person has to fix it. So AT&T can send you someone else’s personal information and then have no way to fix it. They’re lucky I’m not using this information against the other person. Highly unsafe."
"Please don't have anything to do with this company, they miss sell you contracts to earn  thier comission, they constantly tell you on the phone your complaint is sorted, only to find nothing has changed. And don't in any circumstance give them your bank details. You have been warned. On going problem since end of July ."
I've been without my service for 2 weeks. I've been trying to get a tech out to fix the problem and no luck. I see they have gotten to big to give simple customer service now. I'm going to have to switch back to Spectrum which is just as bad!
AT&T uverse TV and AT&T in general is exhibit a of how to rip off customers with poor product quality and zero customer service. This company has been in decline for 20 years. It's demise is imminent.  They are self destructing
I was planning on going on the 55+ plan but changed my mind. I called T-Mobile asked if I should mail the sim cards they sent me back. They told me to destroy them. They proceeded to charge me for 3 months even though I never activated a phone through them. They said since I never closed the account they could charge me whether I had phone service or not. The 55+ plan was supposed to be $55 a month. T-Mobile charged me $76.20 a month for 3 months on a credit card I used to get the Sim Cards. I would advise anyone thinking of doing business with T-Mobile avoid them like the plague.
My sister had just got out of high school in 2019 and  went with T- mobile and she was happy with them. I meant her for lunch then went to T- mobile in October 2021 to upgrade her phone. She talked me into switching fromAT&T to T- Mobile I finally agreed. I told the rep I would pay in full for my new phone. He then suggested i trade in my current phone for ($400) iPhone 8 Plus I said okay what’s my balance? He told me I would have to wait 60 days before my old phone would post on my account. What he didn’t tell me was they pro- rate that amount over two years 90 days in I try to pay the balance off and they had only applied $40 dollars to my account. I was so mad that I called them up and asked for my phone back and told them I would pay that 40 dollars but they said they couldn’t do that. I paid the bill for the next 20 months on time in full . I called them to ask my balance because I was moving to somewhere else. They fail to tell me that I had a $ 40 credit before I ported my number over and sent me a bill after that and told me they didn’t have to give me that  credit. So please be careful when trading in your phones when you take good care of them like I do …
"Work with onecom to scam small businesses.They sell Sim only contracts at £123 a month through Onecom, they don’t have sim only contracts that are that expensive on their own websites, so I’m not sure what that extra money is for…except for making as much profit as possible.They have this really ridiculous system where they sell you a cheaper contract which Vodafone charges you for, and onecom refunds the difference but what they mis-sell you on is that it’s a 3 year contract ( or whatever length it is) but they only give you the refund for 17 months and it’s up to you, the customer to be aware of this, remember, and ring them to say you’d like them to continue the discount. But at no point are you told this is what must happen.We weren’t given a cooling off period as we were a business even though we explained the sims were unusable due to no signal; instead of fixing the issue we were sent a dongle which was meant to be a gesture of goodwill, instead we were charged for the dongle and another SIM card to use in the dongle.We get invoices from Vodafone each month and yet you’re unable to contact them as they state you have no contract with them.It’s disgusting, they’ve ruined my business and my mental health"
"Prepaid account support is bad. I had a trip to Europe and was advised by att support to add travel add-on for the countries that ended up not covered at all.I specifically asked for data coverage in those countries and once I got there I had no service or data at all. After spending 2 hours trying to get a refund, I was told mby one of the representatives that their system doesn’t allow refunds ! Then why spend 2 hours looking into this issue then?? Just wanted to let everyone know that their roaming data is not reliable and too expensive, just get local eSIM cards or portable WiFi devices instead when traveling abroad."
"Every day worse service and poor signal every day and promotions worse than ever, but the competition is worse there is nowhere to run."
"Vodafone have provided broadband to our home for over 4 years. Every interaction, whether by phone or the awful ""Tobi"" chat has been awful. They do not know their product. They make promises that they break. They lie about what they have done or not done.This week they disconnected my broadband service ""automatically"" when they were supposed to be renewing the contract. They then said that they couldn't provide broadband any more.Obviously I am now moving to a new provider.I cannot stress enough how terrible customer service and support is at this company. I would recommend that you avoid them at all costs."
"Had Vodafone broadband, and organised to have connection moved to new property a month in advance (allowed by the contract). They said no engineer would be needed and would be up and running on day of moving in with same router.Moved in to new house, connected router, and nothing. Contacted Vodafone, and after an hour it transpired they had accidentally closed my account. It would take 2 weeks before internet could be restored, and it took 2 hours to reinstate a new account.Awful service, and the second big screw up I've experienced with Vodafone."
"WORSE THAN GHONORREA! Once you have them it is impossible to get rid of them. I've tried three times to cancel with them with no avail, which is 3h of my precious time that I'm not getting back. The service during the years I had them was bad and they very quickly started raising prices, even before the fixed period contract was over last year. Would recommend to Hitler, Stalin and Jeffrey Epstein."
"This is a terrible company, customer service is almost non-existent. Coverage is terrible even on top tier plan it's slow, they throttle constantly and I have frequent drop-outs in Seattle one of the largest cities in the US. I also have international roaming but when I went to Vancouver I had no service at all while my girlfriend with T-Mobile had excellent service. We had to use her phone to finish navigation. All and I mean ALL my devices are purchased from Apple not ATT as I hate having companies lock me in when I own the product. ATT locked my phone anyway and refused to unlock it. First 24 hours then 48, then they said I tried too many times and to wait 30 days which is I'm pretty sure illegal to hold someone prisoner like that. Especially when not on a payment plan for devices and the devices were purchased externally through Apple. I no kidding spent 2 days and over six hours on the phone with customer service and still didn't get it resolved. I will never give ATT another dollar of my money. Even the reps at Apple store said ATT is horrible and the only carrier who tries to control to that level or intrude on personal data like they do."
"worst service ever !! Im in Thailand all my friends either had a ESIM card or their Carrier  gave them either free days or signed them up for a one month international plan at a very good price .AT&T Does neither ! You can NOT get a intl plan you have to pay 12.99 a Day! You can NOT use a SIM card, AT&T  Carrier will not allow it unless your phone is paid off and even then only certain ones .. so I have to pay 190.00 for 2 week vacation. And they said today counted because I called THEM!! would not even credit me for calling them .. They just want you to give more money to them!!I’m a Realtor in Washington and since I switched , I can’t tell you how bad the service is , literally showing a house in the city and No service !! embarrassing to clients  !! switching carriers as soon as I get Back !! Horrible Company!"
Worst customer service ever!! Rang them up to say I will not be renewing my contract or upgrading with them and to finish my contract! Received text messages after saying we're sorry to see you go and so on.. but now I have rang them up again to find out they have said there is no cancellation request! So I will be getting billed again the next month. Bloody useless fools just send you round in circles and can't do their jobs properly!
"Broadband order date was October 13th, OpenReach engineer came out no problem and installed the fibre cables November 29th, however the router box never arrived and was being sent back to Vodafone apparently. The first person (out of a total of 6 after this mess) we spoke to at Vodafone said they would send us a new router box, we had no email confirmation for this so called up again the next day to double check, as we had waited long enough and had been without wifi which when you both work from home, is essential. This person said that the original order had apparently never gone through which we found strange considering we had an order number, confirmation, and already had OpenReach install the fibre cables so how that had happened we do not understand, and it didn't seem anyone at Vodafone understood either. We had a new order made, and were told they would cancel the OpenReach engineer and send us the new router box which would arrive within 3-5 days. No next day delivery was given, which it should have been considering what we had been through. After what we thought was a simple request of re-sending us the router turned into a whole new order, we were hoping it had been resolved - but of course not. We had another email saying an OpenReach engineer would be installing fibre in January 2025.... which we obviously did not need because they had done their job already we were simply waiting on Vodafone to send us this router. We called again to cancel this engineer coming to prevent wasting OpenReach's time, then to be told by Vodafone that we wouldn't be able to get the router box until January now (even though the person the previous day had told us 3-5 days...) because apparently there was a 'problem' with our street and OpenReach needed to come out to sort it... in January?! Completely and utterly ridiculous. Nobody at Vodafone it seems talks to each other or has a scooby about what is going on, as we have been told a different excuse by every person we have spoken to - nothing aligns and therefore I don't believe any of the excuses. If there was a problem with our street this would have been explained in the email, however it was just the generic installation email which meant the whole order was starting from scratch again, even though we had emphasised profusely to Vodafone that all we required was the router box, nothing else. As you can understand at this point we were beyond fed up, we would never have signed up to Vodafone had we known we wouldn't be getting wifi until January, when we made the order in October! The most frustrating thing is that no one seemed to have a clear answer and what should have been a simple fix, turned into a huge headache that led us to cancelling both the broadband and our mobile contract, it has been an awful service. After all of this, at no point was any compensation offered - apart from 10% off our current mobile contract which was a sneaky pitch to sign us up to a further 2 years! Absolutely not. Appalling service wasting not just our time but our money, as we have had to go out to buy a temporary sim to provide us with some wifi whilst we sorted out this mess. Extremely frustrating process which needs a lot of work."
"I have been a customer of AT&T since 2005 until this year at some point I’m ditching AT&T.  I Simpley went to inquire about the new iPhone 16 because I always trusted AT&T. I thought oh well why not trade in my iPhone 12 Pro in perfect condition and fell for their buying your phone for $800 I I realized I had made a mistake when I started seeing the estimated bill I had been taken and have now lost all of my confidence. The store that I purchased this at was very accommodating and tried to help in every way they could put their hands are tied too ultimately I returned the iPhone 16 and of course, lost my iPhone 12 and feel like I was taken, I’m going to discuss this situation fully with the rest of my family that has my other three lines besides mine and we are going to go a different direction. We have AT&T wireless AT&T everything and they’re losing us as a customers."
"Att agent Walter with customer service Jul 5, manager of the day Ashley. My complaint  is that Walter was very rude! I have over months of proof that my watch was bot activated properly after being in the store several times complaining but yet still being charged. He satiated I didn't complain enough and he couldn't do much. I asked to speak with a manager but stated the manager  wouldn't be able to help me and they don't have anymore power than him. He didn't care I had an serious issue and that I was just wasting money on a serive that never worked. Ashley, help but you can tell she didn't want to help. She didn't greet me and hung in our faces when she completed the transaction.  If you do t like your job....GET A DIFFERENT ONE!"
"I stayed with Vodafone for as long as I could. During the last three years I have had multiple problems with WIFI coverage in my house despite being promised by Vodafone WIFI experts that the problem had been resolved. I spent hours of my time chatting via the chatbot who I eventually felt I knew personally. Boosters were the answer, and so i ordered three. Only to find that boosters were not the answer and the problems continued. Boosters in the wrong position was the next explanation, wrong again. After repositioning all the boosters, unplugging, plugging back in, pressing the reset button (don't forget to have a pin handy) hold the WPS button on the router for three seconds, stand on one leg and all good. Not this time, the problems returned. OK try unplugging all the boosters, bring them close to the router, plug them all in (if you are lucky enough to have enough plug sockets) press the reset button for three seconds and the WPS button for three seconds on the router, repeat for each booster then leave to settle. Bingo, you are good to go and by the way you will never have WIFI coverage issues again. Next day, same issue. Patience is wearing thin now so please can we sort this or I am cancelling. OK one last try we can see the problem lies with the router so we will send you a new one. Sure enough a new router was left on the doorstep. What now? well just set up the new router and away you go. Back onto my friend chatbot who again asked me for all my personal details, I was quite upset as I thought he would remember me. Anyway he talked me through the set up and explained it would take a few hours for the booster to pair with the new router. No such luck. So finally I called to cancel the contract only to be told that it would take a month to complete. I said fine I'm unplugging the router and boxing up the boosters so please cancel from today. One month later I received a do not reply email asking for my outstanding months payment for the service that was not working. Back to Chatbot who put me through to billing dept. Very sorry to hear you are leaving and we completely understand your reasons but rules are rules and you do indeed owe a final months payment for a service we did/could not provide. Oh and for good measure if you don't cough up we will give you a bad credit rating and you will never be given any sort of finance again. So pay up and shut up seems to be the strap line. Good bye and good riddance Vodafone."
"This is an awful company. Throughout my 3 years of being with them. I have had to endure an infuriating level of terrible customer service.Some members of staff have been lovely. When you finally get past the awful automated system.The communication was awful between stores and the company itself. I visited a branch loads of times to try and cancel my broadband because I moved address. They did not cancel this and after paying for it for a year without using it they cancelled it stating I was cancelling it again. I then thought I was being hacked and this again could’ve been avoided by some communication from themIt came to the end of contract! I was overjoyed! I thought the final bill had gone through and I cancelled the direct debit. I was almost so happy I could’ve celebrated. Then the cherry on the cake for me, was another month went by, they had referred me to a debt collection company saying I didn’t pay the final bill. Again, the anxiety and stress of this whole ordeal could’ve been avoided if they had communicated to me.They are now trying to say they sent texts. I didn’t receive anyAvoid them like the plague, they’re unsympathetic to personal circumstances and do not care about you as a customerI’ve reported them to offcom. If you have similar experiences, do the same"
"Paid a device plan off early for a smart watch I have.  Vodafone incorrectly put my account in collections (ie bad debt). This only became apparent when I went to renew a data sim for my tablet.  My tablet & data sim contract was £87 p/m.  I could not renew my data sim as my account was incorrectly in collections.  I have spent approximately 30 hours talking to various departments in the last 6 weeks, with nobody it would seem able to remove the collection notice from my account.  I cancelled my direct debit for other vodafone plans I have and as a result have finally managed to get the collection notice removed from the device plan I paid off early.  I have approached vodafone for satisfactory compensation. There answer, we'll credit your account with £80 and £28.65, so a total of £108.65.  I have been wrongly charged 3 x £87 (for tablet and data sim), when I should/could have renewed by data sim to about £20 p/m and 2 x late payment fees of £5.  So I have been over charged around £261 and they have offered compensation of £128.65, leaving me overpaying £138.35 for their error, this does not even factor in the stress it has caused and the time I've had to take off work (33 hours and I'm self employed) dealing with vodafones complete mess! Vodafone, I have been a loyal customer for many, many years and you have made a right royal mess of this, your customer service has been an utter disgrave and nothing short of appalling."
"RIP OFF BRODBAND‼️‼️‼️Do not trust is absolute rip off, scammers ‼️I bought a Vodafone mobile broadband in August 24 , data was disappeared in two hours, next month I turned off WiFi from my mobile to not use any broadband data also disappeared all data. So next month I removed SIM card from the broadband device for six weeks and phoned Vodafone to ask how much data I still have answer was non because you used it all.On to a question how was possible when SIM card was on the table for past six weeks answer was you can cancel your contract which will cost you £148 or add data which will cost you extra £25 a month.So please don’t trust you will loose money, you won’t have internet and on a top of everything you will have a lots of stress!"
Very very disappointed.in the hurricane time no network .when we needs important time .pay 100$ month not a jokes man.even simple mobile works better they really need to fixed this buks.
"I have been a loyal customer of Vodafone for 15 years, but my opinion has drastically changed since August. My first negative experience occurred when I was charged twice for roaming services during the same period. They insisted that the service had been activated on two separate occasions, leading to a frustrating phone call that lasted nearly an hour and a half as I fought to resolve the issue. Unfortunately, this was not an isolated incident.On October 20th, I made the decision to leave Vodafone due to my initial negative experience and the consistently poor service in my area. To begin the process, I reached out to Vodafone's AI assistant, Toby, and subsequently sent a text to a designated number to inquire about the final payment required to terminate my service. Despite my long-standing relationship with the company, I can no longer overlook the trouble I have facedI received a message and an email confirming that if I decided to leave their service, my charges would amount to £0. Thankfully, I had the foresight to keep both of these records. However, just three weeks later, I was shocked to receive a bill for £327, claiming that I had broken my contract. This was surprising, especially since I have clear proof indicating that my early termination fee is indeed £0.After numerous phone calls and a visit to the Vodafone store, where staff took the time to verify my claims, I finally spoke with a helpful lady from customer service. She listened attentively as I explained my situation and, with a reassuring tone, confirmed that I was indeed correct—there would be no bill for me to worry about. It felt like a relief to have my concerns validated after all the back-and-forth.Just when I believed that my issues with Vodafone were finally resolved, I received yet another bill, this time for £77. Confused and frustrated, I decided to call their customer service to inquire about this new charge. To my dismay, they not only mentioned the £77 bill but also informed me of an additional charge of £327, completely disregarding the challenges and frustrations I’ve faced throughout this entire ordeal with them. At this moment, I am in the process of collecting all the necessary evidence and have requested the recorded conversations related to my issue. I plan to take this matter to the Ombudsman for further investigation. I urge all of you, dear readers, if you value your time and well-being, please consider avoiding Vodafone."
"Beware of international roaming con. We travelled to Jordan recently, and as always switched off roaming immediately after switching off airplane mode on landing and didn’t use data or phone for the whole trip (we never do and usually get local SIM). Both of us were hit with a £7.39 connection charge even though we didn’t connect and didn’t use our phones. We have travelled extensively this year and this is the only time it has ever happened. Vodafone just said nothing they could do and wouldn’t remove the charge. This is just a con and they know it - and usual waffle to try and say they couldn’t do anything. Avoid as they are just trying to rip people off.We have spoken to you on social - no help basically say can’t do anything and it’s tough. Goodbye Vodafone - old fashioned out of date operator that’s not fit for the modern world."
This is the worse internet service ever. It has been off for 12 hours so far and now I am told it will be at least another 12. Possibly more. Spectrum cost more and now I know why! You get what you pay for. I will be going back to Spectrum.
"One of their 3rd party contractors in Cypress took the liberty to leave my signed "" beware of dog"" gate open. My Sevice animal is dead now. He was my best friend and care taker for 13 years. And he was still a very healthy boy. People , they don't care about you,  your property,  your pets, your service animals etc and they should have to pay. PERIOD! I AM A LUNG TRANSPLANT NEEDED PATIENT AND I NEEDED HIM. I would be open to contact from attorneys. 12106 Raven South Dr. CYPRESS, TX 77429"
"AT&T, a long time trusted icon of America itself, has been taken over by someone which I don't even have words for now. Making AT&T, bar none, the most crooked, and the most in-accessable, major Corporation existing on planet Earth. Leave AT&T quickly. Forget the name. It's not that name anymore. At least, that's my personal opinion."
Before Christmas I contacted Vodafone about my monthly bill. My bill had my old address even after updating and confirming my new address. I got my monthly bill amount and decided to make an early payment on the 13th December. I didn't want any issues in the same month especially during the festive period so I made the payment so I could get it out the way. Right after Christmas they took out a direct debit for the month and not only that I had to learn the bill was not correct with a £29 overcharge and they missed out the device costs when I requested the bill amount for the month.
"STAY AWAY!!! After more than 20 years with Sprint/T-mobile, I recently switched phone service to Spectrum about a week before the end of the billing cycle. I was immediately locked out of my online T-mobile account, yet they managed to draft another full month’s payment. I called to request the final bill which took almost another month to receive. I was billed extra for closing my account mid-cycle. So instead of getting a refund, they said I still owed yet a partial payment. I still couldn’t log in to pay the balance, request a refund or anything at all because I no longer have an account. Then once again they managed to draft my bank account for the amount they say I owe. What a terrible company!  So glad I switched to Spectrum. My phone service is so much more reliable and I am paying less than half what T-mobile was charging monthly. I will never go back to them after this."
"As a new business owner, dealing with AT&T has been one of the most frustrating experiences. I've spent hours on the phone trying to resolve overcharges of hundreds of dollars, only to find out they have no record of any previous calls. Reps promise things and never follow up - can’t view my bills in the app, and I haven’t received any paper bills or letters. Then, they suspended my service, wouldn't let me access customer service reps to discuss details of the bill unless I paid a 'convenience fee.' Absolutely unacceptable for any business, especially a new one trying to get started - go to Verizon - wayyyy better!!!!"
If I could do zero stars I would!!! Stay away from ATT HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE..
"My Name is Manaz I am one of the Vodafone customers i writing regarding about my experience with Vodafone. First of all their services is super bad very expensive number one liar your items will not arrive on the time ,when you are in call with them they will end up your calls without resolving your problems than you have to call again and again than finally someone will say some stuff will make you very disappointed I would never recommend someone to go to Vodafone and only me my all family had the same issues with Vodafone.I am very disappointed about their services and etc"
"I paid £12 to activate 8 days of roaming, but every time I try to use the internet, it says ""No Internet Connection""—despite showing a 5G signal! This is absolutely unacceptable! And shows 8 day roaming is active!!!The chatbot Tobi is completely useless and offers no real help. I’ve been a loyal Vodafone customer for the last 12 years, and while the first 10 years were decent, the last couple of years have been absolutely terrible.They tricked me into renewing my contract just before I went on holiday, without mentioning the roaming charges had changed. When I returned from my holiday two weeks later and tried to cancel, the store told me it was “too late” and that I’d have to pay almost the full value of a yearly contract to leave. What a joke!I cannot wait for my contract to end so I can move to another provider. Vodafone has become the worst company ever in my experience. Never again!"
"AT&T has been my provider for internet, Uverse TV & mobile phone service…the internet 5G fails daily & does not work so WiFi is not operational…customer service is very hard to reach…have been struggling to reach customer service for more than 5 weeks for this recurring problem…will look to another vendor as going without WiFi on a daily basis is an expensive waste of funds without working products as described in my agreement.  :("
"Absolutely terrible customer services - a scripted hell of obfuscation, incompetence and dishonesty!I purchased a new phone contract and requested to port my existing mobile number.The port was scheduled for 5th December... before 4pm on the account portal, before 5pm via text, before midnight in another text and within 48hrs according to customer services.They managed to cut the number off on the 5th - so I stopped getting business calls/texts and despite calling and chatting via web every day  - nothing changed until the 11th... i'm now getting my work calls - but have lost mobile internet.The customer services team really do not have a clue, the fact they try and upsell other vodafone junk mid-complaint is utterly mind boggling!! I've been passed pillar to post and even fobbed off with support numbers who don't deal with customers!!I wish i'd never moved to Vodafone - sometimes its worth paying a bit more with the other providers just to keep the lights on!"
"I've never had any other service than AT&T, my landline back in the day with Bell Telephone, then it changed to AT&T... We're talking forever ago.  No more, switched to T-Mobile and was made a happy customer the first day.  Sick of the dishonest business tactics and overcharges almost monthly with AT&T."
Mahsoom was so rude he didn’t fix my issue and he said that we were rude because we spoke in our language he also kept on laughing at us
The most idiotic customer service I've ever experienced.They simply don't understand anything that I request and constantly stall for time.A simple request takes over 30 minutes with Vodaphone customer service because none of the staff understand the issue and repeatedly ask the same questions.
Customer service shoddy. Chief executive department is near useless. Avoid at all costs.
"Approximately 4 years ago I purchased a 2 galaxy watches with T-Mobile. one of the watches was damaged and T-Mobile exchanged it for another watch and that required opening another account. The store clerk assured me that the first account would be canceled., After receiving my first bill I noticed I was now being charged for the 3 watches they are under wearables in the T-Mobile bill statement. I called again to explained that I only had 2 watches and the extra line they charged for was no longer owned by me. They said they would refund me and cancel. I trusted T-Mobile with that. So today October 31, 2023 I decided to check my bill and noticed T-Mobile was still charging me for that 3rd line (wearable). I reached out to customer service and they said they have canceled it and that they would only refund me $30. I brought up the fact that they owe me about 4 years worth, so they flipped it on me saying I should have checked my bill monthly and called them and they cant go back that far. Why after multiple attempts to cancel and being told it was taking care of I should have to keep calling about the same issue. I trusted the problem to be solved. I been a customer for about 20 years. I'm so disappointed in T-Mobile. I added a line about a a few months ago and was told I get a free phone and then they said no free phone because of my plan. T-Mobile you treating your faithful customers that been with you for over 10 years like crap. I should be refunded for the watch."
"I would give them a zero star if I could! The tech support was never able to get the phone number working, so we cancelled the line and went with another carrier after over a month.  However, the billing department continued to charge us not only for the month we were trying to get the phone up and running; they charged for the entire next month.  So basically, I was stuck paying for 2 months of service I never received, or they would report me to credit agency!"
Expressed disappointment that I have a problem getting any straight answer re new broadband but not actually prepared to do anything about it !
"Worst customer service experience ever! Was told one price then the bill is a lot higher.  Call them back and you’ll be on hold for 30 minutes, no matter the time of day “due to high volume”.  Reading other customer reviews, how is this company still in business?  Unless you like to be repeatedly lied to, you better find another company to deal with."
"Terrible broadband and even worse customer service. I have been receiving a maximum download speed of 7mbs constantly and sometimes even lower even though my minimum guaranteed speed should be 32mbs. I have wasted countless hours on the chat to support who just seem to repeat themselves and I even agreed to upgrade to the full fibre and was told it would be activated the next day as they didn't need to do anything to then contact them 2 days later as the speed was even worse, to then be told that the order had been cancelled!? Then the next agent I spoke to wasn't even able to re confirm the order and said Id need to ring up again to a different person. I have asked multiple times to early terminate and that I wont be paying the fee as they aren't providing on their side of the contract and I just get the same repeated response saying they will fix it."
"It's a Fraud. I have Moved to a different address, with the assumption that my previous contract and End date were getting carried over. Instead they made a new contract and now I'm stuck for other 24 months with an high bill I didn't ask for. Avoid"
"Red Flag 🚩 I recently had an extremely unnerving experience with AT&T and its employees. It seemed to be an out of country call center for AT&T. My original reason for the phone call was to address an email I had received stating that my services were going to be suspended, even though I had made a payment arrangement for August 3, 2024. The representative said she saw the date and would adjust it for me. Immediately during a phone call she said she could potentially save me money. She said that my bill was $571 per month, and that she could reduce that down to $268 per month. She ended up selling me, four watches, and adding on an iPad, which the IPad I did not approve of, nor have I received. When I called back in to speak with another representative a day or two later, the gentleman said that it was a bad move and then I had screwed myself. He also said that he was going to send me a replacement for a phone that I had just recently lost that day earlier. That phone has since been canceled on someone’s end, but not mine. That employee said that I would be basically paying the same amount as I was paying previously, and that there would be no way that my bill would be $268. This is only one of many issues that I’ve had with your company over the past 10 years, and especially since you became linked to DIRECTV.I am requesting for an immediate review of my entire history, and that I am contacted by a senior representative who can make decisions for my account. As I have spent well over 100 hours at a bare minimum, *(including at least 2 full days on the phone for issues, which were days of employment for me)  being transferred to departments that are not correct, dealing with issues that never get dealt with, and also trying to get my account corrected.Here are some of the issuers I have experienced:-AT&T associates selling products without dealing with the original reason for call-Lying to consumers about cost and final pricing with little to no transparency-Over 100 hours easy on calls related to issues with accounts-$50 for screen replacement and told it had insurance and with new contract that was voided when I got the new iPad.-False advertising - As of May I have no more than 1 bar and/or no access to 5g. Calls are dropped and/or broken up constantly even with AT&T representatives on the call. Promised a cell booster by rep and when transferred to technician they said they had no info about it and denied it.-Deceptive and illicit business practices resulting in lost time, increased billing, and unaffordable services-Transfering my current plans to new ones when they want to sell new products, At least 3 new 2 year contracts on accounts recently.-Making arrangements without documenting or sending email confirmation, resulting in the account being suspended and the full bill being due to turn the accounts back on.-And the data breach has leaked my personal information to the dark web.I do not want to continue having these issues with your company. I would expect that this would be handled immediately, as I am limited on my time for reparations. I will also be forwarding this email to The Attorney Generals office and the FTC, along with other agency outlets if this is unattended. Please note that I have been a customer since well before Cingular wireless in the early 2000’s. I also own three businesses in Des Moines, Iowa, and partner with some of the largest businesses in our state. I hope this reaches the appropriate individuals, look forward to speedy response.This email was sent over two weeks ago. Since then, I have spoke with a store manager, who said they were going to take care of it. This manager refuses to keep contact with me or even give me an update. I have filed a complaint with the FCC, and forwarded emails on to every possible outlet I can find."
"Hello my name is Kenneth . I have been a customer for 11yrs. Since October of 2023 I have been having a problem with Assurant and the Tmobile Customer Service. I have been lied to on numerous time. I originally purchased a Samsung S20fe from the store in Woodbridge, VA. The phone has been exchanged out several time. The software had issues (ContinouslyBuffing), screen blacked out, and  when finally came around to the fifth time. The store ordered an replacement.  Got a text from Assurant  that the phone was on backorder and dont know when they would have one . I called and talked to your customer service about the issue. The representative told me to go to the store and get a replacement for free. Also, to give them the Samsung S20fe that had issues.I got the Samsung S23+ for my mother. I drove 150 miles to get the transaction done sine i work in Delaware and it was my day off. I paid the activation fee and was there for 4hours in the store. I was under the understanding that they were I was gonna owe $279 for new phone and accessories. Now told that the phone was $900 plus and they tried to add a new line on my account without my authorization. This transaction was noted on the account. Plus, that replacement never arrived.Now let's get to the New phone I bought in Newark,  DE. I bought this phone in November of 2023 while I was getting my car worked on. I had been waiting awhile to get a new one. So while I had time to burn as the car was getting worked on at the dealership. I paid the activation fee and get the accessories to protect the phone.was happy to get my new phone of Samsung Ultra 23.  On December 21. The phone fell when getting out my work truck. The Otterbox case cracked the back of phone and it shut off. I went back to the store and see what could be done. I had the phone for 21 days. They told me they couldn't help me and I had to go through Assurant. Funny thing is I'm 150 miles home from and my mother was having surgery on December 26, 2023. I got to a computer to start the claim and then it got complicated.  I texted the representative Chad K. He told I could go to Christiana Mall to get get replaced. Got up early  on December 22, 2023 and was at the mall at by 10:30am. They told me they couldn't help me. So, they let me use there phone in the store to start the claim. When it got to the payment status of the claim they hung up on me. I called the Customer Service at T-mobile to get them involved. I know Christmas was on December 25th and the phone wasn't gonna arrive until December 26th. I told them I wasn't gonna be home to receive it and gave them the address of the store in Newark, DE. When I went to pick the phone up @ 5:30pm. I was told that they couldn't accept the phone and sent it back to Assurant.  I called Usps and Assurant to see who had the phone. No one knew. I called Tmobile back and told them I needed the phone tonight or tomorrow December 27th for work. Assurant ad Tmobile promised the phone work arrive on that day. Long be hold it didn't arrive and more excuses were made. I was told by the representative to get another phone and I would have to pay for the old one.  The replacement didnt arrive until December 31, 2023 from Fedex. A neighbor found the package sitting outside and picked it up. I called several times after that with problems. They tried to add another number. To be frank and the point.  I was being billed for 4 lines and 4 protection plans. I have been fighting this matter since then. Tonight I went the store to get them to send the phone back to Assurant as told by the representative.  On January 21,Christina said, they would ship it back to them. The Store Representative open the bag and found that the phone was to be sent back Usps. The phone was never used and still in the security tape. Now, I was told by you Tmobile representative that you want me to pay for the old phone along with the new one. I understand one, but 2 no way."
Their signal is terrible and they charged me £5 late fee for not paying the bill.Can I charge them for the time of mine they wasted asking me the same question 3 times In a row when I tried to sort the signal issue?Once my contract is up I will NEVER use Vodafone again.
It was horrible guy couldn’t understand me and I couldn’t understand him I got charged double my bill cause the auto pay messed up they refuse to fix it I’ll be switching carriers AT&T is trash
"Slow and unhelpful. I live in a rural area and am only guaranteed a minimum of 20mbps. This is fine for what i need. However, for weeks i was restricted to less than 1mbps, this took 6 hours of my time on a live chat trying to get this resolved. end result was an engineer visit and back up to 20mbps. Short lived success though as less than a week later we are back down to ridiculous speeds.I again contacted support who are painfully slow. a 20 message conversation can take two hours. i spent 4 hours on chat yesterday and two more hours today. I cant speak for all of your customers but my time is the most valuable thing to me and find this infuriating. I wouldn't mind so much but i get nowhere!I asked to be put through to cancellations and was threatened with an early termination fee (I refused as it is Vodafone not holding up their end of the contract) surprisingly they became a bit more helpful however were still very difficult to deal with.as it stands i have put 10 hours of my time into live chat and still have slow broadband. My advice would be to pay a little more money and use an ISP with better customer service.Edit to reply to Vodafone: Thanks for your VERY generic reply. i didn't expect anything more... Do you think with the 10 hours i have spent trying to get this resolved that i have not done the troubleshooting guide? Your generic response is more of an insult.Just to add, my very slow broadband (less than 1mbps) dropped out completely now and have had no internet since yesterday at 5pm.."
"It's hard to imagine how an American company could offer worse service or make dealing with them more difficult. When the TV box for the main TV went out, it took well over an hour to reach a person on the phone. They sent a reprocessed replacement box; it arrived quickly and worked well for 3 days and then quit. Another 34 minutes on the phone, this time while I drove, and then they said they can't replace the box they sent a few days ago until I read them the number on the bottom of the box. I explained I didn't have the number with me, and it would mean I'd have to call back tomorrow, spending another 30-60 minutes on the phone and delaying TV service another day; I asked if they don't have the number since they just sent the box. They had no interest in helping. They value their time by keeping you forever on hold, but they have no respect for yours. Can't get away from them fast enough!"
"Multiple days / roughly 2+ hours per call per day attempting to resolve an AT&T created issue where an iPhone 15PRO upgrade purchased directly from AT&T, was activated under a new phone number not requested by the purchaser. The second existing phone number from an older iPhone 6s Plus that was being upgraded was added to the second E-Sim causing the iPhone 15PRO to have two phone numbers in it.  Purchaser request for cancelation of the non-requested number generated a bill for the full amount of the iPhone 15PRO that was originally purchased under an installment plan.  This sure seems like it was a 100% scam by AT&T, with an intention to mislead the purchaser into adding an additional line of service to an account or voiding the installment plan the iPhone 15PRO was purchased under in the advent this second line of service was delegated.AT&T Customer Service is unable to resolve, refuses to resolve or intentionally will disconnect calls related to this type of issue."
"I am utterly disappointed with AT&T and regret choosing them as my service provider. The service has been nothing short of a hassle, largely due to their misleading advertisements and hidden fees. Initially, the plan seemed reasonably priced, but soon after, I noticed unexpected charges creeping onto my bill. These fees were never mentioned during the sales process, and every attempt to resolve this confusion with customer service led to more frustration due to their lack of clarity and assistance.Moreover, their lock-in plan has been a major inconvenience, especially as someone who travels frequently. I was shocked to discover that unlocking my phone for international use required an additional payment of $1000 to switch to an international e-SIM. This policy was neither clearly communicated at the outset nor does it seem reasonable or customer-friendly.Overall, AT&T’s approach feels deceitful and customer-unfriendly, focusing more on trapping consumers with hidden costs rather than providing transparent and reliable service. I cannot recommend AT&T to anyone, and I advise potential customers to consider other providers who value customer satisfaction and transparency."
"Total waste of time in this store ,will be changing to a different network"
"When the iPhone 15 came out, T-Mobile gave a great offer. I was doubtful of their coverage in my area, and the salesperson told if there were any issues with coverage I could return the devices in 14 days totally free of charge. ""There will be no charges at all."" When the phone arrived, I could not even make a call from my home due to the bad signal. Made one call from outside to check and a few text messages (8 total in the USA), and used 36 MB of data to check the internet speed while outside. Found the signal was horrible in our area and returned all 3 devices! (Did not even open one packet). After a month and a half, I got a bill for $257.39. When called the support center at Phillipense, they told me I owed this bill and they could not do anything, as this is an automated bill. Spoke to the manager who said you have to pay or it will go to the collection agency. He also stated they cannot help with the bill as it is automated. I wondered why they have customer service for billing. Anyway, I paid the bill while with the manager who said the bill is only around $48 for 4-day charges for the lines they sent to test. I was using my Verizon phone all these times, glad I did not cancel it. After 4 days of paying the bill, got a letter from a collection agency telling me I owed T-Mobile $257.39. Can't believe this, as they never even sent me a first-time bill, and I had given my Credit for them to monthly charge me, which got canceled by them when they stopped my service. This was a horrible experience for me, and I would strongly suggest you keep away from testing their services, as they are going to charge you for the days. Don't believe the salesperson."
"Third time chasing up compensation for broadband loss for 8 days (20/10/20).Apparently no UK call centre, only a bot service (TOBi) a chat line to I am assuming India. Three times I have explained the problem, besides having to read through previous conversations the guys there try to help.All I can say about Vodaphone Broadband is that when it works it works well. Have a serious fault with that service and require help, turn to a wall and talk to it !!!."
"I wish I could give 0 , MISS information just to make more money , when they do get the money the response is “ we can’t do anything about it” bought a new phone “on them” and now they want me to pay it off in order to use it internationally when they told me I won’t have to ! Fkn Ridiculous"
"AT&T could not be more predatory.When they want your business, you'll see them every single day. But when you are trying to leave their service, it will be near impossible to reach anyone. I have wasted so many hours of my life going back & forth with them, only to be given false transfer PINs and false account numbers. Additionally, they've had so many data breaches that I really don't trust them with my info.For nearly $100/month, you'd think I could at least receive good customer service. But all I've gotten is lies. Don't get sucked into their trap."
"Never go with Vodafone, My contract is over and due to excessive disconnection and bad service I decided to leave them at the end of the contract but they charged me £45 more even though I informed them earlier and I had paid all of my contract payments. This is officially disrespecting the customer and extorting money."
"To anyone considering a switch to Vodafone, I urge you…DONT! I recently switched to Vodafone after 8 years with EE for a better deal - a week later and I’m switching back. Terrible mobile data connection, dreadful service, the only saving grace about Vodafone is their customer service. I’ve never left an online review for anything before, but I felt I had to share my poor experience with Vodafone to put anyone else off making the same mistake I did.DO NOT JOIN VODAFONE THEY’RE POOR!!"
Terrible service.  Only had their broadband 4 days and it’s gone off at least once a day in them 4 days.  Called support and he wanted me to start unscrewing the wall panel and using tech language
"Where do I start…I am exhausted! It has been over 2 months when I am trying to leave Vodafone and I am asking to be disconnected but no one can do it for me! It’s crazy!4/09/2024 I called Vodafone uk letting them know I am moving and I want to finish my contract. On the phone they said all is done and they will disconnect me on tie 04/10/2024 I have also received a confirmation email believing all is sorted.03/10 I have received text from Vodafone informing my plan will continue at £28 per month I was surprised and called the again asking why I have received a text. Lady in the phone said my cancellation been cancelled and they will deal with it immediately and will disconnect me in 24-48h. She apologised and said it will never happen again. I believed this time I am being disconnected for sure as mistakes might happen but surely now they will deal with it.03/11/2024 I have received a text from V with information I have 2 outstanding bills-£73!!! It was Sunday morning I called V and I was not happy!!! I have said how is this even possible if I called 2 months ago and they still generate the bill! I have been informed my cancellation has been cancelled AGAIN!!! I demanded to speak to manager, been told I will receive a call in 24h it did not happen! So I called them on Monday explaining for the 4th time I want to be disconnected as I called 2 months ago and no one deals with my request and I don’t know who I can talk to. They finally transferred me to manager. All I can say useless!!! She did not know why I am still their customer but she transferred me to tech department saying “make sure they disconnect you” pardon me ?? “ you make sure it’s all sorted as you are a manager!!!” After spending 1h on the phone someone finally said all will be done in 48h please call us to make sure disconnection has been processed. I called on Wednesday 6/11/24 guess what they are still charging me and supplying (where I don’t even live at the address) cos there was a system error and I am not disconnected!!!! So for the 6th time I had to explain and repeat myself what’s going on spend on the phone over 1h was on the hold for good 45 min during the whole call. The person who served me said “you will be disconnected in 24 h you don’t have to call us again we will text you and send an email” guess what no email or text looks like will have to call them again tmrw! Waste of the time and customer service really bad! Everyone is lying and repeating the same lines!! Can anyone advise me how to take it further cos my customer’s right are breached and I feel like I am a hostage of Vodafone!!!!"
"Just about had a f-ing nough of this useless company,  since i had my contract nothing but issues repairing network every two weeks no signal or weak, for the last two years!! they cut the service completely two weeks ago, NO NOTIFICATION OF ANY WORK  BEFORE HAND TO BE CARRIED OUT!! had two weeks on no signal missing work calls and elderly mum being ill, so couldn't keep in touch with her, after weeks the signal gone again, more work to be carried out for two days, had a text this time to say hours after noticing network gone again, have to sit up stairs with my arm out the friggin widow for crap connection, wtf is wrong with company!!! i don't live on a friggin island on on a council estate, just so sick of this garbage network provider,  as i said the last time how long it will last, the antenna is just around the corner from me 200 feet away. they still take their money monthly though no issues there. so pizzed off right now !!! I would not recommend this company to anybody at anytime !! This isn't just a one off, it's been continuous for over 2 years !!!"
Horrible internet service horrible customer service.
They are doing everything illegally. I cannot even move to other service as they made me to stay with them for 3 years. Made a very big mistake moving from Verizon to AT&T. I wish AT&T go bankrupt soon. They are losing customer confidence. Their billing is most corrupt in the nation. Please don't believe Costco AT&T sales people are any sales and move blindly to AT&T. Tmobile has a better service than AT&T in NJ. Lets all sue AT&T for the illegal business practice they are doing.
Very bad experience with Vodafone net work and the team especially whoever I talk today the complaint team she didn’t even care just talking about the contract not even concern my issues. We are paying the money so I’m entitled to get a good net work right ? Just keep on wasting my time and still the issue dragging very bad service and net work
"T-Mobile is the worst service, I literally got a phone call because I left a penny off of my payment.  I woke up to my phone being cut off.  The customer service is horrible and they can never seem to help with anything.  I am seeking another phone carrier.  TMobile is a scam."
"AT&T is unreliable and terrible for businesses, whenever there is an internal problem, the text supporters are absolutely useless. When they try to fix my internet they made it even worse. As a business, we have lost so much money to AT&T’s internal problems, from not being able to take calls to our lines and WiFi cutting off entirely, and all they give us is a $17 credit per day? We have lost over $8,000 of business and have to resort to using our personal phones as our main lines to take in calls."
"Tried getting broadband but failed a credit check, my score is in the excellent range never been refused before no reason was given for the refusal. This will now effect my score and will be on my record for 2 years, a quick search and you find this is happening to many people. Avoid at all costs!!!!"
"AT&T SUCKS!! They moved us off our landline to their VOIP satellite service supposedly because we are in a rural area of Kansas.  PROMISED better service, blah, blah, blah.  We've had intermittent phone service for months, and have spent weeks and our time trying to call and connect with a desk than can help.  EVERBODY passes us on to the next desk telling us it's not their area of responsibility.  Seriously, we waited and listened to elevator music for an hour and 50 minutes before somebody would actually pick up only to be told we were being transferred directly to a desk.  Yeah, right.  Another hour of listening to elevator music and no help.  AVOID AT&T at all costs!!"
"Trigger ⚠️ warning DVI’m done today being quiet and trying To sort this….I’ve been a customer for twenty plus years.Can you explain why you have no well-being, support or something in place for survivors of domestic abuse?My ex has a phone and sim that I pay for and I’m now a single mum, struggling to pay bills because I have to pay his.Even after explaining my situation, if I cancel you want the full amount.The other option is you expect me to be alone with him and set it up over the phone with him….?After years of living with his abuse and having to start again, do you actually think this acceptable?He tries to use the phone as a way of control after promising to pay and then not paying, impacting on the other phones I have contracts with. In terms of my dangerous ex, I want zero contact.Disappointing isn’t the word I have for you."
"I am On Auto pay and updated my credit card.They continued to charge my expired card ( which I had removed from my acct.) and sent me an email that I owed 306.00 and was going to have my service shut off. Ernesto,the customer service Rep, was rude and unhelpful."
"WILL NEVER go back.NEVER BUY the Gigacube. I have had one myself for over a year now, and on a really lucky day, you might just get to watch one video on one device, if the cube is RIGHT next to you.I have raised my issue with Vodafone numerous times, not only do they blame you for their cube not working, they question whether you were smart enough to know how Wifi even works. Their product does not work, I am paying a high amount every month and they won’t let me leave. If you raise a problem with them, they will wash hands of responsibility and refer you to another company to complain to.DO NOT BUY GIGACUBE. It will not work, and their excuse is that ‘the whole of the uk doesn’t have 4g yet’ DESPITE promising me it’ll work perfectly in my area, even promising 5G speeds. As a long term Vodafone user, I am disgusted in their customer service towards me and their lack of help. To get out of my contract just under a year early for a non-working product  is nearly a grand! Will shout from the rooftops to anyone who would listen to NOT go to Vodafone."
"I have a landline, high speed internet and Directv. I can't do anything on att.com because no matter what I select, I am immediately redirected to directv. So if I wanted to pay the landline or internet, I can't. I've told them a hundred times for several years, they acknowledge it, but never do anything about it. This company must have the worst web designers and IT people on the planet. I pray that the cost of removing the underground lead cable and pension obligations puts them out of business. They do nothing to maintain infrastructure and their fancy fiber cable is coated in a peanut based material the squirrels just love to chew on. This is hands down the absolute worst American Company. Shameful and overpriced to the extreme for terrible customer service."
"If I could put 0 , I would do it. I have been overcharged for several month for ‘out of package use’ when my UK number was off and I couldn’t possibly call anyone. The service support couldn’t care less."
"Absolutely horrendousFor many years (20+) I’ve had my main contract phone, various business contracts and a tiny contract exclusively for use on my electric gates (which have a SIM card inside them).Having recently moved house, I needed to cancel the contract attached to the sim in the gates. Unfortunately, as it was set up many years ago and given the simple requirements, I have no idea what the pin is for the SIM card and am unable to receive messages sent to it as it’s in the gates at my precious home.Vodafone have made it completely impossible for me to cancel the contract and continue to take money from my account for a service I haven’t used for months and do not want any more. It’s impossible to get through on the phone and when I eventually did, they told me I needed to go into a store, which I explained was a massive inconvenience. Well, guess what, I’ve just been into a store who explained they can’t cancel the contract in store. He insisted on me trying to call from the store so he could potentially speak to them, but as ever, it’s impossible to get through. So I’m now completely stuck and apparently if I cancel the DD Vodafone will pass onto debt collectors and this will affect my credit record.Unbelievable"
"What an experience I just had with an online advisor at Vodafone.My contract was up for renewal and I was presented with an offer via the app, it was a sim only offer as I recently upgrade my phone . The plan was set out and was highlighted it was similar apart from they removed the entertainment package( Spotify)Since picking the plan it was fine until I received a message stating I was 80% nearing my spend allowance and to that effect my data was cut off.I eventually got online to check and it appeared Vodafone missed out my world traveler options so now i get charged a ridiculous amount for data roaming.So I reached out and got the usual you are out of the 14 day grace period sir!You’ll have to pay a cancellation few, ok that’s fine what is that £768….you can imagine my reaction when I heard that.I stayed calm, or as calm as you’d expect, and explained to them I have been at sea for the past 2 weeks hence why I didn’t catch this earlier.Bear in mind I have been with Vodafone for 20+ years and also have my broadband with them.I was told my only option was, merge your account into another plan, it will cost a bit but at least it will save you from leaving us and  paying the cancellation fee.At this point I had to leave the conversation, basically sounds like the uk labour government has hijacked Vodafone.So if anybody that is looking to upgrade don’t trust the recommendation tariff they pick for you, as it will mostly definitely be wrong and like myself they will trap you in a 24 month contract. Some might say it’s my own fault for not reading terms and conditions but having done this serval times before without issues I wasn’t expecting it.I hope sharing my experience helps others avoid the same mistake.Do I recommend Vodafone yes I do as I have had no issues until now i just thought they would be able to apply the world traveller to my account and it would be fine."
I bought a phone directly from Samsung that was unlocked. You could choose a carrier you wanted so I went with T-Mobile. The phone cost $1104. I decided to change carriers. The phone and the T-Mobile account are completely paid for. The phone however is locked to T-Mobile and they don't know how to unlock it. I am stuck with an $1100 phone that is useless. Samsung says it's T-Mobile. T-Mobile says it's Samsung. Who is responsible?
"I went to a T-mobile store in Bellevue PA and was promised one thing and then after I paid money, said that they wouldn't honor their offer and that I had to pay more after I confirmed the terms of the offer many times.  When I called T-mobile for help, they promised I would receive calls back from the store and from a supervisor but no calls ever came.  I called 4 times with the same promise each time. Every time I called, I got different information.  I am looking to move to a new carrier now."
"Vodafone sold me a 73Mb, min 37Mb fibre package. After installed, it didn't work for two weeks, had multiple disconnections, data drops, and very high latency. An actual download rate capped at 10Mb/s. Multiple tickets, never resolved, just repetitive diagnostics by support, basically consisting or router and ONT resets. not calling at requested times. I am a ex Broadband support officer, and network infrastructure support officer, i can measure my throughput accurately and have the graphs to prove it. Support never listens, and just read from scripts, even their second line ""experts"" are not technical in any way. Vodafone are mis-selling their broadband packages by vastly over estimating the speed people can get, and relying on the public not being able to test properly, or having the technical knowledge to prove things, or giving up when reporting a fault because they are just asked to reboot things over, and over, and over again. Note, I am disabled and have problems getting down on the floor. They have repeatedly asked me to get someone round to help me, and basically inferred if i don't they will close the fault. I managed to get one rep to read back one of my call logs and it stated I refused to do diagnostics because i couldn't get to the router."
trying to get info on one off price to upgrade my google pixel 4    to an i phone with operating instructions   at a one off price  they want me to pay one pound for this info  I would assume that entails giving my bank account details   I think not  scammers operate within legit companies   too   as I  am a customer why can they not just assist
Update 8 October !3 weeks nearly and replacement device dont received !Received Call yesterday from Customer service adviser William was promised sort out this issue by today received message from William today he promised call me between 5-7 pm .No call received .Vodafone uk ignore all  my complaint so will open case on Resolver uk and will complaint to Financial ombudsman services .Avoid this services!!!!!
"Utterly appalling service from Vodafone! I recently changed from another big name Broadband company as their monthly charges has sky rocketed! So on recommendation I tried Vodafone, the date was set for the engineer to fit the equipment in our home as there was drilling to be done, was then told BT Openreach would need to come out to sort the Line to our house but this was going to be external work so we did not need to be home. Was told BT Openreach would be out one day, there was a no show was then told it would be another week, that day came and went, I contacted vodafone for them to confirm it was going to be yet another week, In total it was 3 weeks and still no BT Openreach...what a shoddy service! I then cancelled for Vodafone to say okay then....a brand new customer who they ere not willing to help and support in any way possible."
"I am came from Kansas City , with t-Mobil about 25 yrs,  I like the rate however the customer service are terrible . Keep me waiting . I am thinking about move to Verizon ."
"Worst customer support I've ever received. They signed us up in the middle of target, wasted hours of time, and then when we finally get home, we realize they did it all wrong. Waste of time, terrible company."
"In August of this year, I visited an AT&T store in Grand Junction, CO, to set up four new lines. While assisting me, the representative suggested I also consider switching my home internet to AT&T’s new 5G Wireless service, claiming it would be just as good as my current provider. I was assured that I could try the service risk-free for a week, and if I wasn’t satisfied, I could return the equipment without being charged.Shortly after receiving the equipment in the mail, I installed it and ran a speed test to compare it to my existing internet. The results were disappointing—the speed was not even half of what I was currently getting. I immediately packed up the AT&T equipment and sent it back the next day.Since my bill was on autopay, I assumed that returning the equipment would resolve everything. However, I later discovered that AT&T continued to charge me monthly even though they received the equipment—something a representative confirmed on the phone today (12/16/2024). When I asked for a refund, they told me I needed to have officially canceled the service either by phone or through the website, in addition to returning the equipment.To make matters worse, they claimed they could only issue a refund if I provided the UPS return receipt, despite already confirming they had received the equipment. They insisted this was company policy and that nothing could be done without it.This entire situation has been incredibly frustrating. I expected better customer service and accountability from AT&T. As a result, I’m taking my business elsewhere, and I hope AT&T reconsiders policies like this that only serve to drive customers away."
No stars if allowable. They are liars and scammers. When communication with them on social media they’ll block you for leaving a negative review. They are the worst company. Charge you for bills after your number has been ported to another carrier. Reported this on my credit and refused to remove it after they agree it’s their error. I’ve already experienced adverse effects from this from long standing creditors.
"Ordered broadband, worst customer experience ever! Poor communication and did not understand my issue. Passed on to different advisers repeating the same information! They do not know what they are doing, online chat the worst I've experienced.  Swiftly cancelled the order, awful initial service! AVOID."
"A falling branch knocked down the fibre line near my property on the 24th November. I reported the fault immediately to the customer service team. It is now 16th December. I have made ten calls to the customer service team, had seven different Openreach engineers visit, been given three different dates to put the cable back up and still the cable has not been reconnected. The first engineer told me that a pole might need to be replaced but a temporary repair could be done in the meantime and would take about an hour. Still the cable has not been reconnected. We are pensioners living in rural Wales and rely heavily on this service as our telephone is VOIP and therefore not working either. Our mobile service is patchy at best and we are concerned that we are now facing Christmas unable to connect with family and friends. The customer service approach is hamstrung by adherence to script and distance from the problem and despite escalating the complaint to a manager we have made no headway whatsoever. I am sick and tired of being told how sorry everybody is for these are just words to dismiss me when what is needed is action to remedy the problem. This level of customer service is deplorable for a global company and I will certainly consider my options when contract renewal is due.I am writing an update to my review having seen the reply from Vodafone. If the respondent had read the review more carefully I made it clear that the fault was reported on 24th November. Storm Darragh occurred on 7th December. That gave a window of two clear working weeks to take action and rectify the problem. Even if a specialist team was needed to put in a new pole, a temporary repair could have been effected to keep us online and this opportunity was not followed up. I have now had four dates promised and passed and I still have no internet or phone. The call count to the customer service line is now up to thirteen and a total of seven hours spent trying to get an answer to this problem. All I keep hearing is ""we are waiting for an update from Openreach"". I have escalated the complaint once again and am now told that someone will be in touch within the next seven days. I cannot help but reflect that if my monthly direct debit had been refused the action would have been far more swift and robust. This whole episode is an absolute masterclass in how to irritate and alienate paying customers who rely on a service which is not being provided. Maybe if the customer service was more focused it would not be necessary to have a team monitoring social media to deflect and excuse poor reviews."
"Ok taking your money, extremely poor customer service when there’s a problem"
"switched my carrier at Costco, everything I was told about savings, what I was getting was a complete lie.so far switching to ATT has been a big mistake, their customer service is basically useless. I have been on the phone for two days trying to process a trade in.It's utterly unbelievable that a nationwide company operates the way they do. So far they get a ZERO from me.I got so fed up with the lies that I filed a complaint with the BBB so far I got a phone call from some guy at ATT I had PT when he called so we spoke briefly then said he would call the next day…… he never called me back.Now there’s a woman calling from ATT let’s see where that gets me!"
T-Mobile encouraged me to buy a SIM card they knew wouldn’t work for my phone. Now I’m out 50 dollars and a terrible customer service experience.
"Worst customer service EVER !!!!  Go to any other phone provider, run go !!!"
Based on my experience Vodafone does not make it easy for a new Broadband customer.They cancelled my order suddenly and make me jump through hoops just to question why.I was subjected to inflexible security checks and asked for a PIN (which I wasn't given) and a whole list of questions and requirements for ID proof in response to asking a simple question about what happened to my order.
"Absolutely the worst cell provider company i have ever utilized. This is across the US, Australia and the UK. The customer service is comical, i only leave negative reviews if i really really dislike a company. AT&T will use unfair and questionable tactics to try and rip customers off and make as much money as possible."
Been using Vodafone for 2 years. I ask for change of billing date to be moved only 1 day forward. They say fine it's sorted no problem. I get charged a day before the billing date. GREAT HELP
"Be carefull with at&t!! They are liars. First they tell you you will get a credit regarding the X issue, that you should see it reflected on the next billing cycle. Months go by and is never apply. When you call them regarding the credit, they asked you ""what was it about?"" like they know nothing. Case starts over and same situation... months go by and nothing, you call again.... At&t play games with customers. Very unprofessional and careless company."
I've been getting slow/no data service in my area in these past 3 weeks since they didn't say they were fixing/upgrading their cell towers. This stuff is infuriating man.
"Horrible service!! People try to contact me for days in and can't reach me. I call my wife, whom has  the same service as we have 4 different lines with this horrible company, and it will go straight to voice mail as I'm sitting next to her to see and try to understand what might be happening. But I've come to the conclusion this is a horrible company. I'll be leaving this awful service."
With writing a really good review last month about my upgrade in store I have woken up today with £90 taken out my account and I have no idea why. This wasn't what me and Noah agreed in the Horsham store. I also traded in my old phone and was waiting to a £20 refund for the money being taken from my account last month when it shouldn'tOver all I'm down £60 and having a baby next week. I'm extremely unhappy with the financial loss and stress this has caused me. I want to log a complaint and someone to call me back today.
"Giving one star is an understandment. I have never experienced fraud until I ordered a broadband from Vodafone.From the salesperson online up to billing department.It's all lies, saying things and never delivering.After wasting my time over a month, I was offered a compensation and until date it was never given."
I paid off a phone through their debt collector and jumping through hoops of customer service in order to just unlock the phone at&t has a terrible customer service. I will never use this service again and don't recommend anyone to.
"They are a ridiculous and lying company! I made a cell phone plan and paid $127 every month for the plan, when the iPhone 16 was released they said that I could exchange the old device for the new one and I paid off the old device and got the new one and I would pay $127 dollars so I did I sent the device to them in the box that they sent me! I received 2 messages on the app saying that I had not yet sent the device and that my promotion would be canceled I called them and they informed me that it was already said that the device had already been received and that I did not need to worry 4 months would pass, I woke up my bill was $165 dollars. I went to the store to find out why, and the girl at the store told me it was because I hadn't sent the old device, so I had to cancel my contract. I had to pay $1,099 up front to keep my device, and I also lost my old device, which I had paid off because I sent it to them. People, don't sign a plan with T-Mobile, they don't honor the contract and in the end you'll lose. Look for another company. I looked and I'm satisfied with Verizon's service."
Very dishonest company they do not do what they say overcharging our bill.wish I would have stayed with AT&T will switch when I can get out of contract
"Ever since I've had T-Mobile, it's been a joak. Today was icing on the 28th of June for the month of July end. Store then on the 18th I wake up to my phone and my internet being turned off saying that I needed to pay $45.06. I had to pay that cause I needed the phone.  And when I paid it they're telling me they're gonna charge me in additional Twenty dollars per line that got disconnected I would not recommended them to my worst enemy there always fees every month it is a new fee and won't happen again I am going to pay my phones off and change my services if You're thinking about switching to t mobile DON'T DO IT learn from my mistake"
"Broadband stopped working. No idea why and no-one from Vodafone had any idea as to initial cause. Interminable phone calls trying to get it sorted spanning a week. Issued me an 8 digit fault reference code. Phone system would only accept a 6 digit code, so had huge menus to plough through wasting time every call. Promised a call back which didn't happen. Poor. Wish we'd never left Virgin.Should also mention that we had to bin our previously reliable TP link mains adaptors when we signed on as we couldn't get them to work with the Vodafone router. Google research confirms we are by far the only people to have the same issue."
"Thank you for your response and offer to look into the matter, that is good. You suggest I contact you on X, and other social media. Unfortunately I do not subscribe to any which is why asked that you contact me by email as mentioned in my earlier review. I would respectfully make it clear to prospective customers that you do not have email."
"Worst customer service ever. I have trouble accessing my home internet account, called twice and got yelled at both times."
"Terrible service and reception. And ever increasing bills. They quoted me around $85 per month and my bills have been approximately $200 per month going up each month. I’m paying four times at ATT for cell service only what I was paying at xfinity for three lines and internet. Also when I travel outside of Houston, I get no service/coverage and in certain areas it goes into SOS mode with zero service"
Service and staff are terrible. when i called customer service to transfer broadband to a new address spoke to a horrible staff. he had a very bad accent and spoke very fast which made it hard to understand. i asked him to speak louder slower or speak more clearly and he got angry and then he started doing tricks that wasted my time on the phone which cost me a lot of money for the call (about 1 hour and 45 minutes call). he kept asking me a question and put me on hold for a few minutes like that I don't remember how many times he put me on hold. i asked him to stop this antics but he continued. he was trying to make things difficult for me. i asked to speak to the manager but he wouldn't connect me to the manager and told me to wait for the manager to call back. i waited but no call back. would not recommend anyone to Vodafone and will never go to vodafone again.
"Bought a NEW phone. Opened the package and tried to charge it, defective. They want to charge me $55 to replace it. The first phone was suppose to be brand new and not broken! Why should I be charged to replace a phone when I never received what I was promised, a new working phone. I have been with this company for many years, but this is the last straw."
"About a year ago I decided to switch  from Verizon after 38 years to T Mobile since they were offering big deals to switch. WHAT A MISTAKE!!!!!!Their customer service is awful, their deals are not what they promise and they cannot fix their issues.After 6 days I went back to Verizon. This experience Cost me about $100 and a lot of headaches!!!!!Think twice before you change your service!!!!"
I have been without service for two weeks. Apparently engineers are still examining my account. When I joined I ported my number over. I was allocated a temp sim in the interim. That temp sim they then made my permanent. Trying to undo that stuff up has been sheer hell and nobody at Vodafone could give a monkeys. I’m now paying for a service I can’t use. Vodafone don’t reach out with updates or offer any solutions or recompense. I can’t cancel the account or port my number to a different carrier as it supposedly doesn’t exist on their network. Vodafone is the definition of incompetence and customer apathy. Im literally being extorted right now with seemingly no remedy in sight.
Dipshit morons...  kept me on hold for over an hour... patience has worn very thin... switching to new carrier bs...
Terrible company.  Stole $55 from me for internet service I never used
So I get a phone call August 28th schedule appointment for September 3rd 2024 6:30 a.m. no phone call no nothing I make an inquiry via text they tell me my application was denied due to location this is a classic corporate negligence they're so desperate the left hand has no idea what the right hand is doing and they could care less who they step on. I can tell you this from my experience. If this used car lot treat you like this before you even get to the interview how would you like to have your whole future depending on this scab outfit..... if you're a young technician avoid this place like the plague I'm in his trade 30 years this is a scab outfit
"Thier customer service is a joke , these people don't know thier ass from a hole in the ground .  USELESS!!!  to the core just hand them your money that's all they're good for. They have no control over changing passwords it's all up to the app developer and that person has awful reviews. But the reps are carrying on like they know what to do and the information they give is all wrong and different every time  Do these ppl even really work there?  Or is this another BS move on americans??"
"THE WORST CELLPHONE COMPANY!!!!I HATE T-MOBILE!!!!!!!!!!!I REPEAT I HATE T-MOBILE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This company suckers people with contracts. I was told by 7 different  representative different prices of my phone. I was sucker by a white female  My phone was stolen and T-mobile insisted on telling me I was under contract. This means I am responsible for a stolen phone that I will never see again. 2 representative/employees; a rude black female with an attitude named Tiss and a white smart mouth male supervisor name Jason that lives in Charleston South Carolina, insisted on threatened me in to pay as if I still had the phone. I had to pay for Price of phone, accessories, data plan, cords, and screen protect and insurance, even though I don't have the iPhone 14. My account had a 360 insurance, in case the phone is lost or stolen. I was charged for a stolen iPhone 14 pro max. This company didn't care that my phone was stolen or tried to give me another phone. They only care about getting money. NO STARS!!!! SEVERAL HANDS DOWN WORST CELL PHONE COMPANY!!!!!!!!!!"
T-Mobile ripped me off.T-Mobile ripped me off. The sales tec for t-mobile said if we upgraded to go 5 we would get phones so we did. They are billing me full retail for the phones 2 months later. I have been through 5 support people and managers with no results. They are thieves. They are telling me that they do not need to stand behind there sales tech. I did a Google search and this has happened to lots of other people. This is there business plan.
"My dad and I went to AT & T to upgrade my phone, and the girl working there told my dad that since he is a first responder he can get an iPad and a watch included in our plan and that our bill would actually be less each month. Instead it was $177 MORE and now we’re all having issues with our phones. We got completely scammed by a company we have been with for 20 years!! I called and spoke to representative Ratisha and she said that we can’t return anything because it’s been past 2 weeks. We didn’t get the bill until 30 days to find out they LIED about about them being free. The iPad and watch haven’t even been used yet! 20 years and still got totally scammed. I’ll never trust this company again. We will be changing services after vacation and I will spread the word that their representatives lied about their first responder program to us and now will not let us return the  unopened items. Also, apparently there is no management to talk to on the phone which is such a red flag. If you’re deciding between services, do not pick AT & T"
Been with att maybe 15yrs now and I'm really considering going with tmobile in or another internet provider. Last friday my internet went out at my home so I called tech support and after 3 attempts to troubleshoot the issue I was told a tech would have to come out. The only day available was Tuesday between 8am and 12pm. So I had to wait 4days with no service. When Tuesday came it was 11am I received a text from att stating that the tech is running behind and couldn't make the 12 o'clock window. At 2:30pm I called customer service for a ept and they couldn't provide one and just asked me to give the tech a few more hrs and they'll be there. No one ever showed up. Called customer service the next day only to be told some one would be out friday. A whole week with no service.
"I am so glad I left this crappy phone carrier but now they apparently added me as an authorized user to mothers account even tho she did not authorize this and neither did I. So who did? They can’t tell me. They want me to verify and pass security but some random stranger who didn’t verify was able to add me as an authorized user without either of our permission. I hope this company burns to the ground, they are such a headache"
Got to be the worst service provider ever..3 days of calling to get a Human that could tell me what my next bill will be.Then they say it is a estimated price because the tax and fees change monthly.  IF it is a set billing how can the price change monthly..
Was with them 7 years left them because of the constant additional charges for 1 phone 1 line it's 210 month
Save yourself time and hassle and order online for home delivery. Absolutely useless.
T-Mobile is a fraud and criminals. I traded in my new phone and they didn’t meet the deal they promised. They cancelled the contract and I had to call every month to get a credit. They stole my phone and then wouldn’t give me my monthly credit. I ended up having to pay for the phone outright and move to Verizon. Do not ever use Tmobile services!
"I would give zero if I could. My home broadband is supposed to be switching to Vodafone today buy yesterday at 16:51 I received an SMS and email from Vodafone informing me that Vodafone have cancelled my new Home Broadband order without an explanation. I spent the next three and a half hours speaking to different Vodafone agents and also with my preset provider to try and stop being disconnected but achieved nothing. The only solution Vodafonre offered is to start a new contract and a manager will call me within 24hours. If no emergency action is taken today and as soon as possible, I will be with no broadband or phone line for the next two weeks. This will be a disaster as I am heavily dependent on my broadband."
"I wish I could give 0 star. This network worse than ee. Where I live 1 bar and sometimes no bar. When I call customer service they sang same song every time. This area have no issue. I use android they recommend me get iPhone, my miss using iPhone we both have same issue, in middle of homework it goes to E emergency only no signal bar no Internet. My humble advice if you have Vodafone just rid of it. Unfortunately I have one more year with them otherwise I'll never think of Vodafone in my life again. Just scammer to me."
Bad coverage. The last few weeks  I’ve had to alternate between LTE and 5G because their service is overloaded and they can’t provide on the 5G as promised.
"3 weeks after joining Vodafone, and service is out. So far, we're on day 4. I spent almost 2 hours on phone and chat service today, to no avail (mostly trying to bypass their request for a 'PIN' (which for some reason I don't have) or their assertion that I was giving them the wrong date of birth, so they could get into my account. Outcome? Nil. Still no service. ""I assure you that our team is working on it"". Is this good service? And they hide behind their long-term contracts, threatening you with penalties if you try to cancel on them. GreatUpdate: look at their reply below. Non-committal, and they offer me the possibility to discuss things with them ""on facebook"" or ""on Instagram"". No offer of a phone number or of an e-mail address. Does everyone have Facebook and Instagram? I certainly don't. Besides, consider how my discussions have gone with them to date; it's basically: you don't have service (for 5 days now)? We're working on it...You can't cancel your service without paying all the unused months in your [2 year] contract."
"Sign up recently on a family plan and what a mistake. Service is terrible. Have to constantly refresh to open pages, streaming is a spotty and lags way too much. It's not just me, it's the whole family. The supposed VIP number that never has wait time, has a very long wait time. I left good service and was over charged for trash service."
"Stay away from AT&T Office @ Hand and Ring Central for telephone service. They have outsourced all support to a call center in the Philipines called Global Support. I spent 3 hours today chasing my tail to try to get support. In the end, I gave up. I am now looking for a replacement provider. Their support people don't speak english well, don't understanmd english that well. Couple the language barrier with crappy VOIP service that lets you hear every other word and you start to understand the impossibility of fixing tech issues."
T-Mobile is terrible customer service is garbage the actual service is not what they say it is I can have 5G 3 bars and it still slow internet customer service is completely unhelpful they don't care about helping you at all go in to the store and its like they don't even know what they are talking about they will lie to you about everything
I hate everything about Att home internet service! When I moved in my apartment complex I learned they contract with Att & only offered service through them. I never wanted Att & it has been terrible ever since! They add fees to everything to where I’m stuck paying 90 dollars for basic internet. They even charge if they take your payment on line. Spectrum would never! I’m starting a petition where I live to allow spectrum. Do not recommend att for anything
"Their customer service is the worst. I spent months, hours trying to get a credit due sent to me.  They kept passing me off to different people until I figured out they were just trying to keep from sending me the refund.  Waste of my time and they basically ripped off the money due to me because I gave up with the roundabout treatment they gave me which I feel is a trained tactic so as not to pay. Never use ATT again!"
"In addition to my original review. I received emails from Muhamed that I would receive an email in 24 hours, then when I contacted him to say I hadn't received this I was told anothern24 to 48 hours and still nothing.  Now when I try to access my order it had been cancelled but no explanation as to why . Absolutely poor."
Tmobile is a fraud. There a serial rip off to the public and they need to be shut down for taking advantage of customers and price gouging there contracts and basically popular for ripping people off and up selling there products in ways that leave consumers in debt. They also are extremely disrespectful when your bill is due and they literally will lie on the automated line saying there customer service is closed when my prepaid bill lapsed but any other time they were open when my bill was active lmfao. This is a seriously evil and screwed up cut throat company and i can't wait until tmobile dies.
Bought a new phone as trade in 17 months ago and discovered that at&t auto pay and the line from old phone was still continuing so was charged since then. They never bothered to discontinue the line when switched to new phone and just let it happen. Place is deceitful and wouldn't even bother to refund hundreds of dollars lost from this and will never use At&t ever again. Would recommend same to not use for others who use them.
"I have been without a phone for 3 weeks. I changed service providers, but when I went to transfer my phone number, they wouldn't unlock my SIM. At least 4 different people gave different reasons. Here we are 3 weeks later, and I got an email saying the phone isn't fully paid off. The account clearly shows that it has been paid off. I have been passed to multiple service reps, and no one helps."
"My partner recently upgraded her phone and traded in her old phone as part of the deal.She was told that she could drop her old phone in to any Vodafone store for her trade in to be processed.She went in to basildon retail store today, only to be seen by a woman who was not interested at all.The advisor said that they don't recieve trade ins in store, and turned her away which was a inconvenience.This is very poor customer service from the advisor who showed very little interest in helping."
"I cannot get wifi upstairs in my home. I have been reporting this for months to Vodafone. I HATE THE USELESS CHAT BOTS, where I spend hours typing into a tiny box to eventually go to an agent who asks the same bloody useless questions to be as useless as the BOT. They did send a booster !! Does not work. I have tried positioning in as many places as I can NO GOOD. I have then been on to these useless BOTS and USELESS AGENTS .. I am getting nowhere BUT just wasitn hours of my time.. I AM NOT PHONING THEM TO SPEND AGES OF MY LIFE HANGING ON ... SICK TO DEATH OF THE CRAP CUSTOMER SERVICE.. YOU can ring me or send an engiineer out to sort the wifi out ... NO INSTRUCTION NO HELP , all they want me to do is sign up for another 2 YEAR .. BLOODY JOKING, I dont want 2 minutes more ... Whoever thought these useless chat BOTS and chat agents are any good wants necking .. THEY DO NOT SOLVE ANYTHING JUST WASTE YOUR TIME GOING OVER SECURITY AND END UP DOING NOTHING..  Either make my srvice WORK or take your crap equipment OUT"
"Vodaphone experience over a 5 hour period....  If I could give them zero stars I would. Original aim was to purchase a Broadband deal, then change two mobile contracts to Vodaphone too. However, I will not be using Vodaphone for Broadband or as a Mobile Phone Provider, or recommend them.1. 10:00 hrs start: Website on 4 x attempts [over 1 hr] would not accept my broadband order.2. Website directed me to sales team phone number. Took me 15 mins to connect to team. Sales told me website doesn't work anyway. Spent another 30 mins giving same details to operator. Operator then told me that an order could not be placed because my current provider would not switch without me actioning the switch myself. When website states switch process is 'hassle free, done by Vodaphone.3. I contacted my current provider [5 minute call] who said Vodaphone had informed them of switch which was already in progress.4. Approx 12:00hrs:  I was now very frustrated. I contacted Vodaphone again via chat to confirm no order had been submitted via website or phone. Requested confirmation no order had been place, and no action would be taken to progress an order. Note that since approx 11:00 hrs I had received 5 text messages from Vodaphone telling me a date for installation.5. Operator on chat very unhelpful. Said order had been placed for my address, but would not cancel order, or give me order number.6. On my request, chat directed me to a complaints link on a web page with a phone number. The automated messages do not allow you to speak to anyone without an order number. I had placed no order, received no emails, and text messages just redirected me to same website link.7. I phoned my current provider, [Talk Talk] where I spoke to a real person, who was very understanding and contacted Vodaphone themselves, and then connected me to the Vodaphone complaints department who then wanted to run through a new order. By this time an email from Vodaphone had landed with a Web reference number.8. The only person 5 hours later, in Vodaphone Technical Team was Jamil who was professional and courteous, who confirmed he had cancelled the order whilst I was speaking. But, was unable to confirm his action via email with me. I took his word for it. Silly me!9. 36 hour later I then receive a text to say a direct debit has been set up with Vodaphone.So, figuratively speaking I have lost the will to live with Vodaphone. Awful, unco-ordinated web content, sales and complaints departments, left hand to right hand don't know what they are doing and there is no efficient responsive human complaints department.Outcome... I have stayed with my current provider Talk Talk, who kindly offered me a free Firestick for the hassle another provider caused as by the 5 hour mark I was in tears with frustration about Vodaphone."
"Vodafone are unprofessional, make fake promises and do not fulfill their final outcomes of complaint procedureI had a default on my credit file through no fault of my own, I was promised this would be removed back in December 2023 still is showing on my credit file and I have email confirmation that it was supposed to have been removedEvery time you ask for a manager call back or documents they don’t send relevant details or return your call!I HAVE PASSED THIS OVER TO THE FINANCIAL OMBUDSMAN"
Worst experience ever !! If I could give 0 stars I would. Ridiculous hidden fees and incompetent customer service staff. If you value your time and money do not ever utilize this company !!
"Broken promises and poor service! Black Friday ""deal"" has turned out to be a nightmare. I got charged $700 and more for the first 3 months because they claim they couldn't find my trade in phones! I have auto-pay and they didn't care or work with me. What if I didn't have the funds to cover the bill? AT&T is strictly about money and I will be leaving ASAP."
"Can NOT wait for my contract to be over. Lied about me keeping my number, 0 coverage in my area which they should have known about, stuck to pay another couple hundred quid until the contract ends or I pay extra to end it early. 0 help from customer support except messing around with settings that never help or work. Save your time and money and go through any single other network provider."
I have to gave att one star or less. Don’t trust any of them from sales representative when they ask you for promotion from att to get discount from current bill. The sales representative was cheating me. I did call att to ask them why my bill higher last couple month bill after sale representative told me att had promotions discount to customer if add one more phone line from my account.I spoke with representative customer service your guys were cheating with customer today.Don’t trust them and I am going change another provider.
My problem has been going on since 8/22/24...today is 11/14/24.  I have wasted countless hours!  I was contacted BY AT&T and was told that I was eligible for a free phone for our business account because I was a good paying customer and they wanted to keep our business. Time #1 they sent me the wrong phone...I sent it back.  After a month again they told me I was going to get my phone...I got an ipad (which I had to send back & just now got the charges taken off of my account for).  Now I am being told they don't have a promotion for a free phone anymore.  Guess what!  I guess not because you kept screwing up my order and it made it too late for me to get my free phone.  Good luck getting someone to listen to you though.  Each agent told me they were noting my account and each agent had no clue what I was talking about.  So if AT&T calls you to give you something do yourself a favor and hang up!  Save yourself lots of time.  I am still out sales tax that was charged to my credit card from where I was supposed to get my phone.  I will still have to call to get that resolved.
Vodafone Business - internet not working properly and no landline for 3 months.I choose Vodafone to provide internet and landline for my commercial premises and from the beginning we have had on/off internet and no landline at all. This is obviously a disaster for a business owner and I now regret choosing Vodafone.We opened in early October and I have been told our issues will not be resolved end of Jan/Early February. Finger's crossed that is true. I was told it wasn't Vodafone's fault but that it is an issue with the Openreach - as if that is my problem.What Vodafone have been good at is phoning me regularly to telling me nothing different than what they told me previously - that my case is escalated as a priority. Ever phone call ends with a request to fill in a survey for them.
"I don’t understand why there’s no oversight for companies like this.Literally thousands of poor reviews, BBB,this platform,Google etc.all w/same  theme,billing issues,generally poor connectivity & poor customer service &  , God forbid you want out…you’re punished w/continued auto debit or bills.Reputable companies don’t try to make you stay."
"The most abysmal phone service on the planet: overpriced- monthly payments equal to a car payment; unreliable 5G service with barely 1 bar (4G was much better); constant security breaches (terrible security system); and deplorable customer service. They could have done it right, but chose poorly!"
"I went to the T-Mobile store on Power and McKellips in Mesa, AZ. My son and I went in to buy new iPhones. We were told that we could get 2 iPhone 14’s for free since we had 4 lines. That wasn’t what we wanted.. but they convinced us to get them. Then when my phone was finishing setting up and the glass was already on.. another employee told us that we had been overcharged for the glass accessory. Last night I was watching TV, and a T-Mobile commercial came on. They said that the deal was 2 iPhone 15’s for free with 4 lines. I was furious!! I had been lied to and cheated. I never had these issues with Sprint. This will make me not trust people who sell me things. I am furious and will tell everyone who will listen. T-Mobile stinks!!"
"25/10/25(review is for Manchester piccadilly 25 market street branch)one of the worst staff member (not all)including staff manager.guy has some anger issues,as i witness myself how he was yelling on customers and using abusive tone ,and when customer report to store manager he also play a victim card that member is right customer is wrong(even we all witness that drama)staff member guy pointing fingers to customers and say to get out from the store and do fight truly a shocking and bit scarey attitude he have,plz stay away from him,vodafone should look into that,as its not a joke ,its very serious matter.and beside staff member is doing that with many other customers too."
"Terrible customer service waited 45 mins never got help ,seems like no actual people work there, just computers and robots"
"I would give them a 0 or F for a provider. After data leak and our bill steadily getting higher for no apparent reason we decided to change companies. At$t told us that they would release our phones in 72 hours when their website says 24 our new phone agent mentioned this to the AT&Tguy and he said no they would not release our phones til the 72 hours are up, then they turned our phones off before the 72 hours were up and still would not release our phones even though they are paid off leaving us no choice but to buy new phones through the new company. They are liars and thieves. It should be criminal. AT&T at one time was a good company, but NOT no more! They will rob you then leave you hanging."
"Customer service is garbage. When you were on the phone for an hour and a half and they do absolutely nothing to resolve your issue and you find out that they had signed you up for a plan on your eight-year-old iPad. That’s for $34.99 that has international calling and things that she will never use instead of the service that has more data Without all the extra features for $15… I still have no service at home on any of my devices and the customer service representative after an hour and a half who did nothing, hung up on me. She told me to go to the store and get new Sims cards for all of my devices. Now make that makes sense. I told her no that they would tell me to call her and she hung up.."
Shit company charged me more every month carnt out a screen shot in 4 some reason wonder why that be
Absolute rubbish Top broadband went off everyday for period of time Back up usb didnt work and as regards 14 day cooling off period they drag it on so you get passed the 14 days then charge you to leaveRight hand doesnt know what left hand is doingThere reply is to contact them to get an engineer to testMy account has been INACTIVE for 3 months THE ISSUE IS I’m still being billed and threatened with collection agency
"I bought an iPhone for the first time. It was carrier locked through T-Mobile so I called the customer service and the snarky lady on the other end kept asking for an account number though I explained twice that I didn’t have service with them and didn’t understand why they could not use the iMei like every other company I had gone through to look into the issue. The woman was rude and didn’t provide any other info as to what I could do.Needless to say I have a phone I can’t use and I wouldn’t use T-Mobile if they were the last company on earth, I’d write letters and mail them first. Thanks for nothing T-Mobile."
Horrible service. You’ll lose service at least once a day. Half the time the data doesn’t work. You get maybe 480p without buffer. Better off using a landline than this companies servers and towers.
"The people at my local store, refused to help me carry two small boxes inside, from my car. I told them I was physically disabled and all three said no. I had to struggle getting the boxes in. I also called earlier, and the girl gave me attitude like she was bothered by me calling asking for help. The females that work in Walker County, Al. are horrible. They all have attitudes."
"Horrific broadband service, just finished 24 month contract. So happy and relieved to have escaped.Constant connection drops (no issues with previous or post broadband provider)Getting through to someone requires you to go through the most irritating AI chat and takes ages, when you get through, security questions are over the top and too many in comparison to any other service out there. The whole complaints service takes so long and is so infuriating, I think they do it on purpose, or I would of complained a whole of a lot more.Mobile phone service was good."
"I came into store with my elderly mother as there was fraud done on her account (she has never had a Vodafone contract). The staff in store said there was nothing that can be done here so I asked to speak to a manager. I was then spoke to by Hussni, claiming he is in charge and that they sent help with this matter at this store and wrote down a number on sole piece of paper. We went away and called the number which was not valid so I had to go out my way and get help online. The so called ""manager"" Hussni has zero customer service skills and does not know how to support vulnerable customers. I am not a Vodafone customer and will never consider them because the store have no compassion for helping. I walked past the store after and they was all standing there twindling their thumbs. I have made a complaint with the advisor I spoke to on them phone."
"I literally never write reviews, my parents are paying top dollar for att, we recently had it upgraded to what it should’ve been for what they’ve been paying for years, but been told our area can’t support it and are still paying the same, but it so so horrendous, random crashes every few hours,, constant lag, most games are unplayable. I can’t even use my home internet on my phone, I’m just sucking up my data. Please don’t used att I assure you anything will probably be better"
"I've been with Vodafone for 26 years but poor service and expensive and unfair practices on their part has made me leave. Attempting to get any advice before I left was appalling. I only had one question, yet I had to answer over 15 questions to even get the opportunity to ask mine. Then they couldn't answer and would not listen to my pleas for help with standard corporate ""computer says no"" responses. When I then left I got multiple calls from their sales team trying to win back my custom. If I contact them I get nothing. If they contact me to make money I get to talk to a human on the phone. The balance is all wrong. I will never return and would never encourage others to join. Truly awful and no attempt by them to hide it."
"I have been with tmoble for ever. I just bought a new phone, and be honest, I wish I had my old one. Not only was it expensive, it is terrible. Talking on phone I hear echo, on speaker, they hear ehcos. Always kicking me off of internet, pictures are terrible. I can't afford a new phone, but seriously thinking of moving on to new company to get one."
"Ordered a new device online. Order confirmation received with a pre-contract agreement and a delivery date for the device, £30 handset charge taken out of my account. Device did not arrived, phoned customer service who informed me order not placed even though they had taken my money and confirmed the order and delivery date with an email. Even though the fault is with Vodafone they will not honour the agreement. Nukunj, the advisor agreed she can see the confirmation email that I copied into the chat but would not offer any further support than canceling my order and I can reorder at the new inflated rates.I did reach out as suggested below so you can investigate which you clearly didn't as immediately when I reached out the response was Hi michelle.russell24 ! 👋Thanks for reaching out to us.We're not a customer service account, but we can help you find the right one. We suggest contacting the verified Vodafone Instagram account for your country. Once you've found the account, you can send them a DM with your question or issue.UK = @vodafoneukTurkey = @vodafonetrIndia = @viofficialfanworldIn the meantime, you can also visit our website or call our customer service line for help.Have a great day!The Vodafone TeamJust being pushed to yet another department . If you cannot help with the situation then do not tell me to reach out to you to investigate.I did reach out yesterday and completed an online complaint for but as yet this has not been acknowledgedI did receive a call last week saying I woukd receive an email within 24 hours, no email so asked for complaint to be reopened then was told another 24 to 48 hours,  and nothing again."
"I’ve been a loyal Vodafone customer for over 20 years and have always valued their excellent service – with one major exception: the network coverage around Oxford, Abingdon, and Witney is extremely poor. It’s never been great, but over the past couple of years, it has become significantly worse.I’ve contacted Vodafone numerous times to resolve this issue. At first, I was told the weak signal was due to maintenance work. Once that was completed, there was no improvement. I then reset my phone settings as advised, but the problem persisted. Finally, I was told that if I was unhappy, I could terminate my contract without penalty.This isn’t just my issue; I know other Vodafone users in the area who face the same challenges. It’s frustrating to be unable to make calls or constantly get disconnected.Hoping to escalate the matter, I emailed the CEO, Max Taylor, as I felt he should be made aware that customers are being told their only solution is to leave Vodafone. Unfortunately, my email never reached him as all communications are intercepted and dealt with by a team of senior customer service officers  – I was informed that he only sees summaries of complaints, and there are no plans to improve coverage in this area.Vodafone’s response to long-standing customers like me is disappointing. Customers deserve better than being advised to switch providers instead of having their concerns addressed. Surely this is not a good business model.I hope Vodafone’s leadership reconsiders both their approach to network improvements and their customer complaints process and that those at the top of the organisation are not protected by an impenetrable layer in the tiers below.Reply to Vodafone response to my post:My point was that it is impossible to get through the customer service barrier to the CEO and there is no plan to improve network coverage - NOT just in my immediate local area. I see no point in going on Facebook or Twitter. I don’t need a conversation, just action."
"Have been with you for over 20 years,  pay a contract for me, my wife and daughter,  in recent weeks my daughter and I have stopped receiving the feel good Friday notifications,  yet my wife continues to do so,  not sure what criteria you are using and why my daughter and I are being discriminated against but suffice to say all 3 of us will be moving to another provider whenever is convenient to us"
My wife purchased a new phone from a Vodafone shop yesterday. We have discovered today that a member of staff posted a review without our knowledge. We find this behaviour appalling and should not be allowed by Vodafone.Please let us know what action you will take to ensure this sort of thing doesn't happen again
CUSTOMER SERVICE IS USELESS DONT UNDERSTAND ENGLISH.ALSO APPLIED FOR SOCIAL TARIFF SUPPOSE TO GET A CALL BACK IN 3 DAYS TOOK OVER A MONTH AND FILLED OUT FORM 4 TIMES.ITS LIKE THE OLD SAYING PAY PEANUTS GET MONKEYS.BUT CHARGE CUSTOMERS TOP DOLLER
"I have been having problems with getting my sim activated Leonard the store manager would rather humiliate me than help me out. I not the best with social situations. I have been having problem with Vodafone and now I want to cancel my account. Why should I pay money to a bad service and to be bullied by your store manager. I have been to that store before and everybody has been helpful but between your online customer service, Leonard and the fact I still don't have a phone. I want to cancel."
"I was a Tmobile Customer almost 25 years, never late or missed a payment. Decided to go to Xfinity Mobile for a better dream.Tmobile was all nice, told me if I wanted to come back they would save my no for me!  Then in about a month I get a 480.00 bill and I am 68 years old, fixed income, and it tore my nerves up bad! I called Tmobile thinking there was a computer glitch! They informed me that about 15 years ago I had got a thing call boost device and that I had to bring it in or they were going to charge me 480.00. I didn’t even know what they were speaking of, still don’t. I said why if I owed you anything would you wait 15 plus years to tell me, they said it was because I switched to another company! I have no idea what they are talking about, I have lost two sons and a husband in that 15 years. I am so upset with a company that as a realtor I promoted , didn’t get very good service , especially outside of town but I stuck with them and this is the thanks I get! I feel if I owed them for something they should have told me 15 years ago or longer.But to say I owe them fo a booster I never heard of it and I feel so betrayed by a company I stood by for 25 years! Dont have 480.00! to pay them , am mad and broken heated to be treated in such a way! I would have maybe went back to Tmobile, but as far as I am concerned I would use a tin can to communicate, at least it wouldn’t slap me in the face and treat me like Tmobile has!  The date of my experience started in around 2005 and ended in March 2024."
AT&T has horrible customer service-wait times 1-1/2 hours. Can u believe an agent referred me to their Spectrum competitor? Have chronic problem w 3-4 technicians out and STILL not fixed. After being a 25 year client we r thinking of switching. What a bloody and stressful mess. Horrible!
Awful service I have issues my broadband Internet it keeps dropping connection and I lose connection to devices for sometime now every time I contact them via chatbot to report issue the customer service is OK they go through the same procedure and surly the issue is fixed for couples hours and then it returns. I have expressed the issue is either with router or outside street network. Vodafone customer don't seem to care or offer any solution in this matter. When I request new router they simply refuse saying its working but as I know its not working adequately. All I would say is I will.avoid renewing my contract with Vodafone in the future. THEY DONT CARE ABOUT CUSTOMERS.
"Was changing my service to ATT. Did all the signing up and had schedule the installation. Two days before ,we get a text saying the installation was canceled and they would contact us within seven days! Tried calling two days straight without getting through and the one time I did, I was on hold over 45 minutes. No thank you! Glad I was able to see how they treat their customers. I called another provider got through right away and my bill is actually cheaper than ATT.Thanks for nothing ATT!"
We have been without business broadband for months now.
"I keep getting screw by AT&T service, being over charged, paying unrealistic fees, just bad all around, as a veteran I am suppose to get a 25% discount, but all my bill does is go up with being charged data that I am not use, I have been on hold with customer service after being transferred from collection departmentUsing Donld Trumps words! AT&T your fired!!!!"
Salesmen said I’d have 300Mbps speed.  I only had 22.  Complete waste of my time and don’t appreciate being lied to
Really bad experience in my whole life with Vodafone really racist assistance and the manger was racist to he didn’t take any action.Never had a problem in the one in Cribs
Been in the Unlimited & More Plan for years 2018. Over the past three year AT&T  has increased my bill $15-20 each year since they no longer offer that plan. They keep trying to get me to switch off this grandfathered plan so I will lose my HBO MAX for life plan. Every time I call in for the increased rate I’m told the same thing. It seems they’re trying to bully me off the old plan by increasing the rates each year. How is this right. The customer service representatives are rude and usually hang up and are no help.
"Stay away from AT & T Wireless.!!!   Basically they do not really know their cell phone coverage areas. All they want to do is sell you a phone(s). They set up an account with autopay so they can bill a month in advance, the minute your walk out of the store. Then if your phones don't connect from your home area,  they GOT YOU FOR restocking fees and a months service.   Then just try and contact someone at AT & T.  Their Service is almost non-extant .!!   The representatives make up stuff on the phone and no two will tell you the same information.    Terrible , Terrible company do deal with."
One star is simply being generous I would rate this company -5. We wanted to change our phone line & broadband services so looked on u switch that recommend Voda phone so we went with them on the 13th December which was the given activation date. We went for the pro 2 deal S we run our business from home. The day of activation came & went & as we all know how easy it is to set up a router was surprised to see after 24hrs still no signal or connection so phoned the helpline. Unfortunately that’s where the problems started it took 5 attempts to call the helpline centre based in the Philippines due to the line cutting out but still ticking over on time which as we are not a Vodafone customer standard rates apply. After an exhausting 3 hrs of calls we were informed that the router has a fault. They would have to send out a new kit and reactivate on the 19th December so for the sake of my business I cancelled the contract which had been going for 48hrs. They duly accepted this and I got a cancellation of contract email. I was then informed that a returns label will be sent out by email within 48hrs. I still haven’t received this & then read the email regarding cancellation of contract noting that if the equipment isn’t returned within 14 days I could be charged £1050 four days have now passed. I also arranged for another broadband supplier who was supposed to have connected me on the 19th December. The new supplier called me to day to say that they will have to cancel the contract I made with then as Vodafone have frozen my landline number and broadband leaving my business before Xmas destroyed. No customers can phone us through our website & we can not send out invoices and 4 quotations for work we were tendering.  I have now phoned this call centre 14 times and have got no further apart from a dubious promised it will be unfrozen on the 19/20th December which gives me no internet until the new year. For all this incompetence they have charged me £45.I have taken hours to try to sort this but now it’s in the hands of trading standards as there’s no doubt I will be seeking compensation for lost of business due to people in a call centre that are utterly untrained to do there job I’m really lost for words living in the U.K. & I will be without an internet connection & phone line for at least 4 weeks in total.
"Not recommended - please avoid at any cost.Monday 25/11 city fiber engineers installed the fiber box - excellent job, but Vodafone was snd is terrible with setting everything up. Now no internet 26/11 and speaking with advisor AGAIN (3rd time now) been advised there won't be an internet for at least 24h again.Even I explained I am working from home and I need an internet for this purpose, I just been ignored! So now I have to pay for internet service which I don't have, expenses for travel more then 40 miles to the office as cannot work from home and also wasted my time contacting the vodafone support team so many times and wnswering the same useless information like what's is my account number, router number, what my issue?Also, when spoke with advisor on 25/11 I been promised that the internet will apear in 2h, now after 24h I been told I need to wait at least 24h more!"
Worst company ever never had so many problems. They continue to have excuses about why my bill keeps rising and rising and every time I call to get answers the representatives have all kind of excuses about why your bill is so high. They lie and don't want you to speak to their supervisors. One month they are removing things from my bill the next month it's a bigger issue. I'm beside myself. If they cant fix the problem i'm going to another company.
"Vodafone have been sending me emails for someone else for the past 6+ years. If your name is Linda Gibson, account number 310839***, I have your full mobile number, contacts, address, partial banking details, etc. I have contacted Vodafone before but they won't remove my email from their system. They just said 'you shouldn't open bills for someone else'. Not very helpful when you don't know what the email is until you open it! And when I went into the shop they said they'd need another email to change it to! I'm not Linda, I don't know her email! I don't want to have someone else's private information. Thankfully I'm not a scammer. If you're considering Vodafone, think about whether you'd like someone else to have your data!Why does it require a social media account to receive support?"
If I could I would give AT&T a -5 stars. We had trouble getting them to resolve an issue with our billing.  It took 7 months to get it fixed and then they didn’t want to correct the past 7 months that were billed incorrectly.  We had all the ticket numbers from each month they told us it would be fixed on the next billing cycle.   They are truly the worst phone company I have ever  worked with.  Version was so much better.  I should have stayed with them!
"Upgraded business account because Vodafone have been overcharging us out of contract for months now.  We signed up to a new phone & contract on a weds evening.  Assured phone would arrive next day, which it didn’t.  Over an hour on the phone on Thursday told can’t be delivered to store but will definitely be with us Friday.  Originally had the next day delivery refunded (woo a whole £2!) but after the hours phone call finally had the £5.95 delivery charge refunded.Friday morning no phone so another hours phone call and apparently our postcode (of 50 years) is invalid.  No explanation as to why it’s suddenly invalid but the contract has to be cancelled for us to proceed with a new order like they’re doing us a favour.So 2 days of lost work, no phone, no contract.  And for £20 a month more than EE and O2.I have been phoning on the account holder’s behalf due to them working in (ironically!) an area with bad signal so was told on Friday, having confirmed with the account holder, that I had permissions to sort it all out, only to find that when sorting the upgrade I actually don’t so lots of wasted time for nothing."
Absolutely awful! I switched broadband providers when I moved as vodaphone said it would take a month to set up. This was no good to me. So I switched. I was told the switch would be handled and vodaphone services would be cancelled! This didn't happen and was billed again. Have since been pushed from pillar to post being told different things. Firstly told the switch would be handled. That didn't happen. Then I was told I had to notify them when I was told when I switched would be handled. Then I was told 30 days and another bill of £33! Already £66 for services I haven't been using. Now they want £120 for the full contract!!! I'm absolutely fuming as obviously I can't afford to pay it. Along with the SIM I was conned into signing up for when I didn't realise the large fees I'd have to pay with my current provider to leave. Absolute nightmare ! Can't even cancel the sim as every time I've tried to cancel services I've been pushed back and forth told different things. Obviously because they didnt want me to cancel and still get money out of me. Avoid if you're trying to switch. Absolute hell!
"Sales representative Jason Nicol phone number 323 499 3155 that approached me at a sales retail store (target) lied to me about getting a better price and a better internet service compared to my current internet service provider, he even highlighted to me the promotion I was getting, plus my first month will be free and and after installation I’ll get a $55 gift card but it turned out it was all a lied. After one week of having my internet installed my balance was $70. I called costumer service and in fact he works for AT&T but AT&T told me they did not have the promotion I was told about and that they were sorry for the misunderstanding. So I went ahead and canceled the service right away….."
"Vodafone were doing maintenance  for over a month my internet was none existent or buffing I bought an EE sim to cover me whilst the work was on going I rang VodaF this morning after receiving  a txted the work was fininshed it took me 40min to receive a £10.00 credit , that wont cover the EE sim cost the lady on the phone had me on hold most of the time I Im done with Vodafone the way I was treated for their sub standard service is to much hassle ..I txted Giff Gaff for a friend her account received the full months payment without question Vodafone  are lacking big time Ive been with them over 10 yrs bye bye"
"Wish I could leave 0 stars. Worst customer service I have ever received from any company ever. From the beginning they tell you that you’ll receive this discount for such and such and so on. Lied about all of it. No discount for new line with phone purchase, no discount for watch purchase with line. Even said here try this internet for 30days free. Showed up on my bill in a week. When I called about not receiving the discounts discussed. They issued a $100  debit card and then canceled it after I received it. Finally switched service, paid my final bill and received another bill a month later. When I called it was another final bill for the watch line they didn’t cancel but charged me for. Called customer service and they said they couldn’t issue a refund but would issue a debit card. Never received it so I called to ask where it was and was told they wouldn’t be issuing one even after I asked for it to be documented. Nope. Run away!!!!!"
"I tried to cancel my business broadband with Vodafone as I switched to another provider providing better service in my area. I contacted Vodafone at least 10 times from February 2024 to November 2024 to do this very basic job . However, I keep going around in circles as their representatives keep raising new requests with their back - office team for an immediate disconnection . They write some notes and say there is a reference number showing up for the previous requests but for some reason , they have to create a new request. I am fed up listening to the same excuses and they literally have no shame to keep me informed and up to date . I am still being charged for the service I have no longer been using.One of their representatives asked me to cancel the direct debit, which I did either in June or July 2024 . However, I keep receiving emails to pay the bills as my account is still active , which I can also see when I log in to my account - the overdue amount.I never had such a terrible customer service experience in my whole life and will never recommend Vodafone to anyone. Their customer service is outsourced , and most of their representatives can't even speak proper English and don't understand what I am trying to say . Once I am done with the call with customer service , I never receive any message to give my feedback.Does anyone know how I can file my complaint with a third party that can take some action ?"
They rip you off if you try and switch.They quoted 100 dollars for the phone and charged over 200. I will stear everyone clear of att
"Can’t get them to stop chasing me for a debt that I don’t owe, or get them to stop reporting it to the credit agencies. Going to need to report them to the data commissioner’s office and have them sort it out! They were useless and stressful when I was with them, and they’re still useless and stressful all these years later."
"A customer for over 5 years and now looking for alternatives.Today on December 10th, 2024 contacted AT&T about my cellular bill with a discrepancy about a charge.Recently, I had upgraded my wife’s phone at our local store in Elizabethtown, KY.I was already frustrated when I was finally seen because although I had got an appointment online, the store was not managing appointments and walk-in’s were being taken before me. I was seen 30 minutes later than my appointment.The gentlemen did well to defuse the situation and I ended up leaving with an iPhone 16 plus and iPad.Today I checked my billing to go over all the fees. The iPhone bundle that I opted allowed those who purchased the new IPhone 6 Pro to receive an IPAD for 99 cents a month. The bill I have reflects a price that was three times as much.Originally we were going to get the iPhone 6 Pro; however, the sales associate stated that the one we wanted was not in stock but the brought the iPhone 6 Plus out and informed me that the deal was the same.Flash forward back to today. Customer service looked up my deal. And no they will not honor the deal. The store told misinformed me. And they could only offer apologies.This shows me that they have zero accountability and offer very little remedy discrepancies."
"I am having problems with my phone, no idea if it is me the phone or an update that went wrong.  I tried to go to the Ocala store for help but they only answer questions if you are buying a phone so I called. Hot my call back in 30 minuets as promised.  Spoke with the person for 6 minuets and the call dropped.  After 5 minuets she came back on an said her internet went down.  I asked that my problem be escalated.  After 20 minutes a coworker picked up.  Was then quickly transfered to supervisor John.  Explained my issues and he nicely said we would go through  them.....and ...then...the call dropped.  Total time 63 minuetsTotal problems resolved 0"
"We switched back from Verizon and it was the worst choice. We're in a ""5G high speed area"" that's fully pink, but my husband gets ZERO reception at work when he's in a full coverage area and got perfect reception on Verizon.Nothing of mine loads even though I have full bars on a 5G network.And we're stuck until we pay our phones off. At this point, a little extra money on Verizon is worth it considering we pay 230 dollars a month for our phones not to work.Also annoyed that one reason we did switch was ""Netflix on us"" with no ads. To get an email that oh we're going to ad supported because we're also giving you Hulu... on exactly one plan you get Hulu, so now we're paying 8 extra dollars a month plus 30 for a 3rd line we were told was free when joining, only to be told that oh you're on a military plan so that doesn't apply, even though we were clear from the beginning that it was a military plan and told it would be free.Overall a huge mess and the superior customer service isn't enough to keep us anymore."
My elderly parents have been without internet since before Christmas and they are not interested in solving the issues!
I currently have internet home phone & wireless and when I say these people is killing my pockets I am done! Every month they adding extra funds on top your bill! They still make you pay for a bill that you are asking them to take off! If your account is suspended they want you to pay extra money to get it back reconnected!! I ain’t seen anything like it I am gone I no longer recommend or will stay with this company!! They are getting over on any & everyone!!
"Absolutely appalling service and customer service. Supposedly premium service to allow me to work from home and for my son to game. Within the first week, without service for 10 days. I was talked out of cancelling my contract with the promise that the service would be sorted. So I ended up outside of the 14 day cooling off period.Then had another slow speed problem which lasted another week. We were promised that if it happened again, I could cancel the contract without fees. We’re now 6 months into the contract and we’ve had another week with too slow speeds to be functional. Vodafone now tell me it’s fixed but the upload speeds are so slow that I cannot work from home. They now tell me they don’t guarantee upload speeds (despite the fact that this current service is not fit for purpose) and that I cannot cancel the contract without fees. As far as I can see, I’m within my Consumer Rights as it’s not fit for purpose, but they are arguing they have now restored download speeds so I can’t cancel. So I’ve now had 15 working days in 6 months where I’ve been unable to work from home. Their App doesn’t work correctly and won’t let me input information properly. Until this week I’ve been unable to access my account online. Their customer service reps say they’ll ring you back but don’t and all I get is every reason under the sun for why I can’t cancel my contract - they only guarantee download speeds, they only guarantee them if using an Ethernet connection (despite seeking this product as multiple device!). They won’t guarantee anything if you’re using a VPN etc…. Disgusting!"
"I had Home Gateway that quit <9 mos old. Took it to T-Mobile store. It took 2 hours. They tried to give me new one as free exchange, however it would not work. So they pulled second one from back but told me it would ""cost me $11.04 because we already gave you one for free and we can't do it again"" I never had 1st new one in my hands or left store! Then they said, ""If you don't pay $11.04 then we can't give you Gateway. However, you can call T-mobile and order one for free that will come in 5 days."" I called Customer Svc in front of them and they told store ""you made a mistake and should not charge customer for second Gateway. There is a way to give it to him no-charge"" Store refused and charged me. Customer svc said they could not refund charge because of way store charged me. I called Manager who came to store. He said he would "" get refund to you in next 24 hours"". He never did. I disputed charge on my credit card. Therefore, T-Mobile added to my monthly bill, charged $15 late fee, and did not give me my autopay discount for the month. Therefore, my money bill is $40 higher this month than normal. T-Mobile is just as BAD, if not worse than Verizon, ATT, etc!!!"
"I signed up for AT&T Business Hotspot in December of 2023. They told me it would be $45/month.The device never arrived, but I still got a bill for the service in Jan 2024. I called and they said they corrected it, but then I got another bill for over $300 in February. I called again, apparently they never canceled the plan from the device that never arrived. But they said they fixed the problem and assured me the price had been adjusted to the $45 agreed upon in December.Fast forward another 4 months, I've been on the phone with them every month because they are charging my account the incorrect amount plus hundreds of dollars in ""past due"" fees. Each time I'm on hold for 3+ hours and about 40% of the time they hang up mid conversation. Ultimately the bill is never corrected, even in the 3 instances in which I had written communication stating that they would change the bill.I'm currently on the phone trying to cancel my account. They have hung up on me twice now...I would not recommend them for business internet service."
"I’ve taken my matter forward as vodaphone messed my credit score and credit limit on my bank cards due to an error they caused and admitted !!! Will update when I’ve got a response from the financial ombudsman, avoid vodaphone at all costs , forget phoning they don’t have a clue"
I have the Internet Air for Business I have had it under a month and It started out great then in a week it slowed down to with under a 1.0 Upload their tech support did 3 hours of over the phone work and I still had to go into the store because it was pinging in off of North and South Carolina and not Michigan towers.  Then I was told by service to get a new sim card in the store.  I was also told that they can cancel my other line which was a hotspot for business that did not work that I had to do it over the phone they did not have access; which the rep on the phone stated that I needed to go in store.  Moving onward I have been working this week when I got the new sim and the Internet Air went out again while working I called support I was on the phone 3.30 hours with 5 transfers and attitude from reps; when requesting a supervisor I was told they are already engaged and cannot take the call after an 1 hr of waiting for a supervisor I was transferred to another rude rep.  I hung up!  Then this morning I was experiencing the same speeds and I called I have been on the phone for another  3 hours and transferred 6 x with no resolution.  AT&T are beyond horrible and I do not recommend any Business internet service through them with the Internet AIR.
After being with Vodafone for many years with more downs than ups and pricing does not reflect in fair customer service or what they offer with contract! Being on a 5G contract and working in a local city that they say 5G is an area they provide is false and misleading. You rarely get it yet pay for it. I don't live out in a remote area yet for the last year since moving I can never get a signal for 4G and network coverage is just awful for phone calls and have to rely on WiFi calling. So again why am I paying for an unusable service. You will get the general BS from customer service about this but ultimately doesn't solve anything so contract should not be legally binding. But I'm sure like many 1 stars on here which I find more true than the promoted 5 stars (think trust pilot needs to look into them 5 star reviews) you will just get poor service from this company. I have thankfully finished my contract to move to a cost and........ (yes I actually now have 4G at home and 5G works where it should) Giff Gaff are the way forward with more flexibility and great cheaper upgrades than most leading mobile providers!!! Take a hint and move on
"I signed up for a trade-in with the deal where I was promised a credit on the bill; it has been seven and no credit, according to AT&T. They never received the divas.I've contacted customer services multiple times, and according to them, they never received my devis. No one is responsible.Waiting for them to help you can be hours, and customer service repeats the same thing: sorry for the inconvenience, but you know they don't care.In the future, I will be rethinking to do business with them."
All I need is access to my online account.  THEY CANT DO IT.  They have had multiple people make really stupid attempts at fixing the issue but.....THEY CANT DO IT and this is a commercial account.Pathetic
"My complaint for Tmobile is that I don't think their sales associates are as concerned with helping customers as they are with making sales. I was suckered into a ""free"" smart watch a few years ago. I had to pay $40 to have it activated and then a $15 a month payment was added to my monthly bill. I could not have this removed for 2 years unless I was willing to pay the full price of the watch. They would not let me return it even after only one week.My second and more recent complaint is with my experience yesterday. I went in to upgrade my phone. Initially I was told that I would only have to pay sales tax, but because my screen was cracked my phone had no value as a trade-in. Which is fine because I've been paying their $18 a month insurance since 2017. I mentioned this to the sales associate, and instead of helping me use the insurance, which she is equipped to do, she instead tried to pitch selling me the new phone for full price with a more expensive plan. This would be ignorant to do, and not in my best interest, as I can just wait a few days for the insurance to send me a replacement to use as a trade-in.These big cellphone companies are starting to get a little too predatory for my liking, and I've decided to start looking into alternatives such as PureTalk."
"Vodafone as a company is absolutely rubbish.I went with Vodafone as their broadband cost was cheaper than my existing supplier, Sky. I cancelled with Sky and joined up with Vodafone. The installation was booked on 27/12/24. The technician came and installed it, but there was no internet. The technician advised it needs activating at the pole, which will take 24 hrs. I get a call the following day (28/12/24) about how my internet is. I advise waiting for it to be activated. They checked their system and found that there is something wrong with the lighting at the pole that is connected to the internet, and it will be reviewed on 7/1/24. Bearing in mind that I work from home. The family is reliant on the internet,  I took a day off on 27/12/24 to get it installed; now they're saying it will be reviewed on 7/12/24, so I will be left without internet. I had to cancel with Vodafone on 28/12/24 and called Sky back up to put me back on, but they said as I cancelled with them, the line is with Vodafone. So unable to provide internet until they receive notification from Vodafone, which will take 24 hrs. Also, Sky has bumped up their price, which is costing more money going back to them. Furthermore, the agents at Vodafone don't know what tariff I am on; I signed up for £21 a month with a discount. After calling them up with all these issues, they were adamant I was on £28 a month. At the end I spoke to a UK agent who confirmed I am on a £21-a-month contract.Vodafone prices may be cheap, but if you're working from home or you need an internet connection to go smoothly, do not rely on them. They have caused stress, inconvenience, and I am worse off financially, or thanks to Vodafone. They are the worse company ever. I would not recommend them."
AVOID!!!!! Awful company and terrible business practices; even worse customer service! They lie and will never call you back to get issues resolved!!!  (1 star because i can't give 0 stars)
"My sister and I had a horrible experience with Vodafone and would strongly advise anyone to stay away! I arranged a trade-in with them, and they initially promised to send me a bag for the return and pick it up from my home. That never happened. Instead, they told me to go to a store to drop it off, even though this wasn’t the arrangement. I spent days going back and forth, calling them over and over, each call lasting over an hour, and every person I spoke to was rude and unhelpful. I had to escalate the complaint just to get any acknowledgment, and even then, they only offered a £65 credit—which is a slap in the face for the time and stress they caused. Vodafone wasted my time, caused me immense frustration, and left me feeling like my issues didn’t matter to them. Avoid them at all costs!"
"AT&T is the ABSOLUTE WORST SERVICE POSSIBLE. Always dropping calls, no service in retail stores, poor connection, slow speed, just a let down. We were told they use the same towers as Verizon. WHAT A LIE. Changing as soon as our contract is complete with them."
"I've left 2 times, I've confirmed by phone, I've had my connection transfered away and still they keep billing.You cannot email anyone, dreadful organistion"
If it had 0 star I would give zero. This. Is the worst internet service provider. Practically a scam. They will lure you saying there are no hidden fees when later the bios will be 300-400 $ and when asked they will ssay its activation fees. They also told me that they will give me healthcare discount but later said not eligible and charged me extra. They also said in the beginning that they will give 50$ gift hard. That's the biggest scam and don't fall for that because i never received when I called and asked they said it will take 3-4 months to arrive. They are totally scaming people into getting their wireless service saying there are so many discount when you're joining and later on there is nothing. I called them to remove my activation fees but they did not. Instead ileach time the bills become higher and higher. I hope everyone is safe away from att
"AT&T IS HORRIBLE! THE BILL IS NEVER DRAFTED ON TIME EVEN THOUGH I AM ON AUTOPAY!!!! Then when they draft it, they draft my account for 2 payments at the same time! My service is always sketchy! Neither one of my mobile phones work in my office! I have to walk outside to get a good signal. Then they have the nerve to charge late fees when they do not draft the payment on time! They always want their payment, but their service is horrible! I truly despise them! I am done with them as soon as my mobile contract is over!!"
Installation due today. No router delivered and no explanation or apology from company. No human contact - complete silence. I wonder whether this company actually exists. Lesson of this is to avoid Vodafone at all costs. Appalling service I regret coming across this company. But interestingly it’s service in European jurisdictions appears to be more credible and efficient. It does not communicate in UK.
This company are to be avoided they will lie when it comes to the final payment. Also customer service is  terrible no one can speak good English and very hard to understand
"Awkward company. They've messed up my number when I upgraded to a contract sim. Now I have 2 numbers and I've rang up twice about it and it's still showing 2 different numbers randomly... sort your system out.Costing me money. Customers don't know it's me , family don't know it's me... loosing money and costing me time and all sorts of problems. Absolute joke. Will probably have to cancel the contract and take the number to another network.Shocking treatment. Not to mention the fact I paid extra monthly to be able to have more international data. Because I live on a boarder in Ireland. I'm limited to like 25gb a month because where I live I'm always roaming even though I'm still in the UK.Just feel robbed."
Im so disappointed I have excellent credit I switched 4 lines to T-Mobile from att. I wasnt to upgrade my 2 lines and they want me to pay high down payments on phones they lied to me over and over on at customer service that they would fix it but they didn’t after 4 calls still got the run around how they care I will leave reviews everywhere how they lied to me. I even asked about upgrades when I got the new service. They said Every customer is different that you get a spending limit. I have a 795 credit score and it’s just not right I will go back to att where I can get anything I want and just pay taxes. I would have never switched to save 30 bucks a month.
"A real shambles moving to a business account with Vodafone. I would not risk moving my business mobiles to Vodafone, all service has been lost from my number that was meant to port. Over two weeks of speaking to customer services every two days and still no result. Do not put your business at risk. Tunbridge Well store also not helped resolve the issues and they are not contactable."
T MOBILE HAS A FALSE ADVERTISEMENT THEY THEY STEAL MONEY WITH FALSE ADVERTISING DO NOT HAVE THIS AS A PHONE PROVIDES
They suck. Updated to T Life so customers can't access T Mobile Tuesday's offers & suck us into buying new expensive phones to bow down to them.  Bad enough they don't take auto bill on credit cards anymore. They're making BILLIONS & screwing customers again.  And the service is crap.
"Avoid Vodafone broadband at all costs.If there was an option for zero stars, this is what it would be!Since the beginning of the contract they failed to deliver on the minimum guaranteed speed. Connection dropped completely due to a Vodafone tower fault and they failed to accept responsibility and kept pushing back to open reach. The poor open reach engineer came to our house multiple times despite advising there were 12 other houses in the area, all on Vodafone, all with the same problem, yet all other providers were working as they should be. Again, Vodafone were taking no responsibility for this.Even when complaining, they wanted to charge us the early termination fee of £259! After 30 HOURS of phone calls Vodafone finally accepted liability and waived the termination fee, allowing us to switch to a provider who could actually deliver on their promises,  happy ending right? WRONG. Vodafone have since sent two bills and tried to collect the £259 from my account! 3 more HOURS of phone calls and “someone will call me back in 5 business days” I won’t hold my breath.Absolutely ridiculous from a well established company. Think twice before going with a company who have not an ounce of customer care in them."
"I've been with Sprint for 11 years.  I have a business account with T Mobile and was expecting a smooth transition. however, I've only experienced horror. One of my phone lines returned in July a phone because of a warranty issue. sprint contacted T-Mobile to tell them that the phone was returned.  you would think that they would credit my account the $1,00+ fee. no way!!! they have disconnected my phone line over 16 times and threatened to permanently disconnect my phone because of a phone I no longer have.  after three supervisors and over 8 hours of customer service phone time there has been no resolution.  why is every time I call I have to retell my story from the beginning.  do they have notes are anything?  please give me my number so I can go to a real cell phone company.  I'm contemplating filing a lawsuit for lost revenue."
They  charge too much for this sh** box.  It 's always stuck on the low setting  and you have to unplug it every time to get  my television to work . I cant watch golf now. Switc h to get your club on . Bossman Husk.
"I am writing this letter of complaint because of the unsatisfactory customer service treatment that I received at your store located at 3204 Pennsylvania Avenue SE. I visited the store on Saturday March 2, 2024 and spoke with one of the store representatives. I explained to her that my phone was not working, it had been not holding a charge and finally, went all the way down. She checked the phone and confirmed that the phone was not functioning. She prompted me to make a claim and provided me with a phone to call the claims Department. I proceeded accordingly, and the claim was approved with a $49.00 deductible paid.  My wife opted to have the phone sent to the store for pick-up. I was informed that the phone had arrived at the store and proceeded to pick the phone up at around 10:45 AM on Monday March 4, 2024. The store representative asked a few questions regarding my claim, which I thought was odd, since I had already been through that process. The store representatives requested my identification to verify my identification. After a while, she told me that she couldn’t scan the phone into the system, only the manger had the credentials to take such actions. Therefore, I returned home and went back to the store around 12:35 PM. I was told that the manager had not arrived and was told to return around 2:30. I asked if a regional manger can perform the activity necessary for me to retrieve my phone. I was told no; only the store manger could perform this activity. I waited approximately 35 additional minutes for the store manager to arrive. When I returned to the store, there was a waiting period and then additional questions were asked by the store representative. After a while, the store representative told me that the claim was denied. I was very perplexed because the claim had already been approved. Therefore, I requested to contact the claims department to ascertain what had transpired between my claim being approved to the store denying my claim. The T-Mobile claim representative spoke with the manger, Abdul, because she said that the claim had been approved. After a few more moments, the store representative began to asked additional questions and requested my identification again, now I am not only perplexed, confused but also annoyed. Finally, Abdul informed me that the claim had been denied and proceeded to cancel the order.I am thankful that the customer service department responded by re-ordering the phone and refund my deductible. However, I remain concern regarding this unsatisfactory level of customer service, since this is the T-Mobile store that is closest to my house. I am hoping that this issue is corrected, that I may not experience such horrible services the next time I visit this location.Feel free to contact me should you need to discuss this matter."
If I could leave a negative Zero rating for Tmobile I would. Customer service is horrible they have to be the most incompetent people I have EVER COME ACROSS Down to my most recent conversation with a manager named John!! If he is in charge I understand why they can get it right. I asked to cancel my service on November 26 its December 7th and my lines are still on. I advised sprint's service was crappy but customer service was so much better his response oh we won't do what you want no sir I want you to do what is right I work in a collection environment I don't believe that the customer is always right but I do stand on principles and excellent customer service and TMobile has NEITHER!! Do yourself a favor buy a phone LITERALLY ANYWHERE ELSE BUT HERE save yourself from the JOHN'S and Tmobile unfilled agreements!
"Recently, I moved all my 4 iphones to a new carrier and thought that was the end of my association with AT&T. However, I came to find out that I had been carrying an extra iphone number since 2022 when my granddaughter went to the AT&T store and purchased a new iphone because her old phone had broken. Apparently, they had erroneously given her a new number (which she did not need since she kept her old number).  Consequently, they kept billing me for this number for an extra 2 months after my preceived departure from them and since I was on autopay and never looked, I did not realize this until I got the bill.  I brought this to AT&T's attention that I had been carrying this number since 2022 and argued that it was their fault and since there had been zero data and zero phone activity on this number, that they should reimburse me for the two months and also the 2 years of carrying this fictitious number and thus, end my business with them. They refused, even though I had been a loyal customer with them for close to 20 years. Greedy, calloused and worse company ever with no heart and zero customer loyalty."
"Shocking service. Robbed my money on a 24 month contract which couldn’t connect in my home, area or workplace. Went in my local store shortly after recovering phone and experiencing signal issues. The staff adjusting my settings and swapped sim and promised that issue was resolved. It wasn’t resolved and I have tried to contact Vodafone several times, the customer service is absolutely shocking! Very rude, disgusting service from customer service agents. I have made a complaint and still didn’t get a resolution. Was offered a refund that covers one months worth of paying, rather that 24 months that they have virtually robbed me. Was told it would be passed on to the ‘team’ over 2 months now and heard nothing since… I just want to be compensated for wasting my money on a phone contract that does absolutely nothing that I paid for after I was promised it was resolved! Next step to contact Ofcom for an actual result since Vodafone have the worst customer service I’ve ever experienced. Would never use or recommend to anyone.(Vodafone UK)"
"Have been with T-mobile for 10 months. Customer service was great, cell service wasn’t working out called ATT to see what they could do. I asked about a 12 month prepaid service they advertised. The woman asked why I wanted prepaid and then hung up on me. Called back and got someone new. Told them I was a veteran and asked about the discount. When she said it was 80 dollars per line, I said it was much more than advertised on line and that’s when it went downhill. She was borderline yelling at me. I asked her why she was so mad and she didn’t answer. Thanked her for her time and end the call. Looks like I dodged a bullet. If this was potentially new customer behavior, I’d hate to see if I had an issue."
"Disrespectful employees, supervisors rude, no one has been able to rectify my issue.  Transferred 5 time and the last request was for supervisor , no resolve. I heard music in the background and no further response.  Accused of requesting cell phone to be disconnected (which I did not) At&t glitch!.   unacceptable service.  When I leave that service I WILL NEVER GO BACK.  And will never refer anyone to them."
"Dear AT&T,I am deeply concerned about the recent data breach affecting your network. The reported loss of up to 6 months of call and text message data for all customers is alarming. This incident raises serious questions about your data protection practices and network security measures.Data Collection Concerns:Why is it necessary to collect and store Social Security Numbers (SSNs)?What is the justification for retaining such extensive communication records?Security Vulnerabilities:How was it possible for such a vast amount of data to be exfiltrated without detection?What failings in your monitoring systems allowed this breach to occur?Future Prevention:What specific steps will you take to prevent similar incidents in the future?How do you plan to enhance your network monitoring capabilities to detect unusual data movements or potential breaches?Customer Protection:What measures are you implementing to protect customers whose data has been compromised?How will you ensure transparency in your data handling practices moving forward?As a customer, I am disappointed that my personal data may now be in unauthorized hands. I urge you to take immediate and concrete actions to:Improve your network security infrastructureImplement more robust monitoring systemsEnhance your incident response capabilitiesReview and justify your data retention policiesYour response to this incident will be crucial in rebuilding customer trust. I look forward to hearing about the specific steps you will take to address these critical issues and prevent future breaches."
"Endless problems with broadband installation and now mobile phone contract. Hours on the phone over the last 3 weeks after agreeing to renewal of mobile and broadband contracts. Ended up cutting my broadband off before installing it at a neighbour’s flat, several weeks without broadband now, and I work from home regularly, making this almost impossible. Now I find they have not given me Mobile roaming to Europe which I checked was still included as travel to Europe regularly, away to check voice recording now. Over 5 hours of my life spent on this so far, they should be paying me."
"Bad service, 2022 still 5Ge omg you know e mean that is 20 years ago , 5 lines $150 but tax high total bills will be $245, internet super slow cant loading Facebook , send iMessage picture take forever, if you send more then 3 pictures that mean failed cant sending, now 36 months contract, not like what agent said, i used Tmobile before, Tmobile the best price, no tax at all , super fast internet . Att better move outnof American"
"They lied to me about the value of my trade in, and have been secretly charging me for my current phone which i was told i was gonna owe only about 130$ and now i realise i own almost 900$, this company loves doing this kind of deals stay away from it, and was not enough cause now im having service problems and nobody nows anything"
"Hopeless. Installation of new broadband was supposed to happen 4 weeks ago but didn’t because it required 2 engineers to do the work. No contact from installation team since then, just pointless and time wasting phone calls every few days from a different department asking whether I’ve had an update. When I complained, my case was escalated, but still no action.Please don’t reply to this review with links to Facebook or  Twitter as I don’t do social media and I’m not chatting to a  chat bot either.  I just want a human being to contact me by phone or email with a date for when this installation will take place.Regarding reply from Vodafone below - As stated I don’t do social media 🙄. Generic computer generated response to all negative reviews I guess. Ho hum, back to SKY I Suppose"
Just awful shop staff are incompetent changed my plan without telling me . Customer service the worst I have ever experienced took 9 days and close to 10hrs to restore my plan  plus charged me more than double the original plan cost !Phone service was great store  staff the worst and customer service the worst
"Supervisor Cecy employee id 8993, the worst costumer service ever."
"Was solicited in a Target store to upgrade my phone.  Was told that Pixel would be equal trade, and that my plan would not change. I read the website before I submitted my phone for value evaluation, but somewhere in the paperwork fine print,very fine print...regardless of the value of your phone you will be locked into a new 36 month contract.  You can't get your phone back, owe no. You donate that to AT&T. But if I move to another carrier I owe AT&T $555.46. Scam(maybe, I definely feel like I've been scammed)?? Deceptive...DEFINITELY!"
"I was going to leave my current internet and cell phone provider and start both services with T-Mobile. However, when I called my existing provider to cancel they gave me better rates, so I decided to stay with them and called T-Mobile to cancel my intended switch well before the intended switch date, so neither service was ever set up at all. So I thought all is settled. However, I received a letter from a debt collector for unpaid T-Mobile bill.  Up until then I had not even received a bill from T-Mobile – that came later, even after I called T-Mobile to complain and they told me all is good.  I called the again. I was told all is well again “since you never even started the services and we see that.”  Comes another bill. I call them again. The rep says he is going to refer this to their fraud department.  Idk what logic that makes, but that’s supposedly to try to put a stop to this madness. Some days go by and I get a letter from another debt collector. This is where we are today.  This T-Mobile in my judgment is a mad house!!! I will steer away from them like a plague. Now I have to AGAIN spend a lot of time placing more calls… or I might consult an attorney.I call the debt collector. Told them the events above and how I then owe nothing.  He tried to tell me the service begins when I receive SIM cards even if the actual service has not been started. I told him that’s bs. Then I called T-Mobile. Explained all again to the rep. She consulted her supervisors, whoever, and upon returning said there is nothing she can do because it has been submitted to debt collector. The rep was nice and sympathized with my situation. She didn’t think I should be charged for services never rendered. I may have to get an attorney if this nonsense doesn’t stop."
"Absolutely the worst customer service experience I've ever had. Contract was a bait and switch, with false representation of what was included, the ""guaranteed"" monthly cost, etc. The store said to contact corporate, and corporate said it was the store's responsibility to make things right. Stay away from ALL elements of T-Mobile!"
"WORST CUSTOMER SERVICEMy home was destroy during the storm in September, a tree fell on my roof.I called to cancel the service and I was instructed to pay the month and returned the equipment. Two months later I had to call back to cancel the service again, this time they wanted me to pay 2 months to cancel, they said there’s no record o notes of the cancellation, I had a record of UPS for the returned equipment and record of the call and they still wanted to pay,It was a natural disaster and we still working on rebuilding our home, these people don’t care about their customers. They just Don’t care at all."
"Awful experience and all that I am trying to do is download a bill, broken links galore in their emails, horrible experience."
"Contract expired June 2024. Moved house in September. Called up on 12 September to cancel phone/ broadband as had new provider. Advised that they couldn't cancel or disconnect (!) and that my new provider would. I cancelled direct debit. Then got threatening late payment notification. Used chat on 04 Oct, who took another £30.16 (despite me having previously advised that I'd moved, was out of contract and wanted to cancel). Chat team couldn't cancel the account and then advised £5 late payment fee would be taken next bill. Eventually transferred me to someone called Amber who was actually helpful and processed the disconnection request that could, and should have been done on 12th September"
Very revealing that all the good reviews are to do with Sales. The only thing that Vodafone truly does well. Watch for creeping bills. They have a nack for raising bills surreptitiously. Run by over-privileged cotton-wool mouthed toffs with no real world experience. Takes.
I have insurance on screen protector...went to store on davis...no one would wait on me...helped people who came in after me... was there for over 1.5 hourdcalled another store...no one would answer...called 611...they can't help me since I'm on my moms plan...and she wasn't at my house to talk to agent...and I thought vetizon was bad...guess I will have to go back to them...this is unacceptable
From the beginning I was offered one thing and received nothing.... but a bill.... horrible customer service horrible everything and service isn't that great.....
The way they treat vulnerable adults a joke my. Dad s died i been scammed they charge me take to.court i top myself
Vodafone have sent out emails to customers who are out of contract saying they’re being moved to new plans with “no commitment”.  Absolute rubbish!  It took three phone calls and probably an hour of my time to establish that people are actually being moved to new 24 month contracts.  If you’ve had one of these email you need to act swiftly if you want leave or pay a termination fee.UPDATEI reached out as suggested and got a response offering to cancel my contract - feeling really valued now!
"Possibly the worst customer service experience I have ever had! I have had mobile broadband with Vodafone for 3 years, which has been great up until I tried to upgrade my contract a couple of days ago. In an incredible turn of events, I now have a cancelled contract and no upgrade, unbelievable! I couldn't even try harder to give Vodafone my money. After wasting approximately 4 hours on the phone being passed from enept person to enept person, being put on hold after hold. And all I wanted was to renew my contract and confirm my upgrade. This isn't the first time this has happened to me over the years with Vodafone.Customer service is everything and is very much worth going with a company that can actually look after you. I will be shopping else where for my mobile Internet, I would highly recommend you do the same"
OMG Where To StartAbsolutely Abysmal Customer ServiceContacted To Upgrade In Oct Was Given A Date 5/12/24But No One Arrived Took 3 Separate Days Off Work As They Needed Access ApparentlyWas Promised I Would Be Reimbursed NothingOPENREACH Contacted Me With Date Didnt ArriveVODAPHONE Gave Me Another Date 17/1/25 Which Was Unacceptable But Hey Ho You Messed Me Around EnoughVODAPHONE Then Called And Changed It To Another Between 1-6 Which Would Be Ok 15/12/247.30 That Sunday Morn The OPENREACH Arrived In My Quiet Close And Started Drilling Digging Which Pleased My Neighbours No EndVODAPHONE Called OPENREACH Would Be Back On 31/12/24 To Complete The Switch But VODAPHONE Hadn’t Sent A Cat 6 Cable Don’t WorryHe Connected The Internet Said Any Issues Call Me It Will Be Ok20 Mins After He Left It Went DownAfter Numerous Calls To VODAPHONESomeone Suggested We Could Buy A Cable Whilst Waiting For VODAPHONE To Send ItHad To Find A Shop NYE Paid £15 But Now I Could Work From HomeNow It’s 15/1/25 Still No Cable Still No Resolution Re My ReimbursementNot 1 Call From Customer Service As Promised😡😡😡😡Are You For Real I Make A Major DissatisfactionYou Reply Call Customer ServiceWhat Planet Are You On?To Think I Haven’t Already Done This More Times Than I Should Have Yo
"I am extremely disappointed with T-Mobile’s customer service and policies. My wife and I purchased a brand new iPhone 14, and after two days, we decided to return it unopened in exchange for an IPhone 15. To our shock, we were hit with a ridiculous $70 restocking fee. The store clerk had clearly told us that we had until Monday (three days after the purchase) to return the phone, especially since we were still deciding between the iPhone 14 and iPhone 15.Despite this, T-Mobile refused to waive the fee. We’ve been loyal customers for years, but this experience has made us question our commitment to the company. It’s incredibly frustrating to be treated this way, especially when we followed the store’s instructions. I will seriously reconsider my options moving forward. We’ve since disputed the charge with our bank because a restocking fee is a complete gimmick designed to make more money for a multimillion-dollar company. It makes no sense to charge a restocking fee for a phone that was never opened and was returned just two days later.T-Mobile, please do better—your long-time customers deserve more respect and transparency."
"Useless, on the phone for an hour because they couldn't sign me into my own account. The pinnacle of ineptitude"
"I asked for three lines and was sent five  . I was told I was going to get the phones for free .I was told I would get a $250 gift card per line for switching To pay off my own line , and that my bill would be cheaper than I was paying. I called customer service and found out. It was all a lie the salesman who sold us the phones blocked our number. And we are paying double of what we were told."
Started the Switch 20th September its now the 7th November and still no service. They are unable to do anything about it or give me an installation date or any idea when the work will be carried out. Basically totally ineffectual.12/11/24 Estimated date is now 3rd Dec and I don't think it's going to happen then either.
"It’s Sunday and I call about phone repair and the first thing they should say is our offices are closed (Because how would I really know if they are or aren’t open) But no…. they put you through all the paces…. they ask for the phone number… they check the phone that you’re calling about for Repair. They ask if somebody’s gonna be there when they show up they asked for a number to get a hold of you if need be ….it’s about a five minute  ordeal  and THEN they say “sorry we are closed, call Monday.” Why in the world don’t they just say before  they started the whole conversation “we’re CLOSED today!!!!!”just a waste of my time!"
"Att store at costa mesa3711 S Bristol, Ste 104, Santa Ana, CA 92704We recently opened a new line and specifically requested that AT&T Next be added to the account. Unfortunately, it wasn’t added as requested. I called the store spoke to Ana who initially helped us and assured us to that if we came back to the store, look for the store manager Edgar, they would take care of it.On New Year’s Day, we made the hour-long drive, only to be told by Edgar that it was now past the 14-day window and they could no longer add it. If he had properly addressed the issue in the first place, we wouldn’t have wasted our time and effort.This manager displayed poor customer service, refused to take accountability for the mistake, and left us deeply frustrated by the lack of resolution. We switched to at&t for this poor service. It’s so sad!"
"Abysmal service from Vodafone. Cannot wait to be out of contract and I will never use this company again in my life. We suffered download speeds of less than 1MB for 12 days, not enough to even open an email. I spent countless hours on the phone with them. Waited at home on a working day for router that didn’t arrive. Eventually the service resumed, and despite loosing £100s in income due to not being able to work at home, spending over £200 on alternative internet solutions and in coffee shops so we could use the internet to work, they called to offer us compensation…..of £5. Absolute joke."
"I would happily rate AT & T a 0.5 months ago I had ordered an online sim card. But then it didn’t arrive on time so I went on to the store and purchase another sim card. Since  I no longer needed the online ordered SIM card, I had canceled it. But now, I see that I am being charged for the sim I never used, in fact canceled for the past 5 months.Now when I called their customer service (which is the worst), some had no idea what they are talking about. Some agents just disconnected the line and never called back after almost half an hour of waiting. And now they’re saying that I might have to pay for the line that I didn’t use at all, and the mistake of their agent who did not canceled it when I called them.Why I have to pay for their mistake and something I never used.And this is absolutely not a first time that i have suffered because of the worst customer service by At & T.Ridiculous!"
"Prices are ridiculous for the services and I would never ever recommend anyone to them. I was warned by so many but wanted have my own experience and now I have and I can tell you, it was a horrible mistake. I hate Spectrum but will deal with them before I deal with AT&T again. Customer service is terrible and not knowledgeable of how they can help you. I was hospitalized for a little under a month and I reached out to let them know I was really sick and needed surgery. They told me how much I needed to pay to square up my account and just get it paid when I could and that everything would be fine once I paid the amount which was over $300. I checked my system after getting better and ready to go back home in which I work from home to only find out they turned off all my services because they said I didn’t communicate with them and make arrangements to pay. I cancelled everything to NEVER return. Unfortunately, google fiber isn’t in my area yet so Spectrum won me back and can do a quick turnaround. If you’re on the fence about AT&T for any services, Don’t do it! Take it from me! I’ve give them the benefit of doubt on all services but it ended badly for me and so many others. You have been warned. 😝"
"Vodafone obviously have quite a budget when it comes to fake reviews. The AI bots have generated pretty much every positive review. I would ask for my money back, they are all way too formulaic and everyone can see what you are doing. It's embarrassing. Here's a thought. Why not put all that time and energy into ACTUAL rather than fake customer service."
"Useless.Website to log into Business account doesn’t work.Horrendously long wait talking to a robot to get put through to a human and on doing so the line is cut off.That happened three times.Complaint form no longer exists, you have to call a number that isn’t answered.Alternative is to write a letter which takes time let alone posting it off and spending 60p on a stamp, and you know damn well it’ll be ignored.If anyone is thinking of joining, don’t bother."
"Last year, I was influenced by a T-Mobile ad. I went to their website and it says my rural area in middle Ga, 30 miles outside Macon Ga, was a strong signal area. I ordered their SIM card, and it gave me zero bars. Thankfully, I was refunded. I now have 1 bar (always) with an ATT SIM card."
"I spent 5 hours, in the lobby of T-Mobile, with a service rep, trying to get a PIN to transfer my phone. Terrible service for the 3 yrs I've had them. They make it seem impossible to actually obtain service. I moved to AT&T."
Absolute rubbish paying 40 pound a month for unlimited internet and this month worked one day yesterday one day no..and the worked not even good very slow ...I live in Islington they told me was an outrage and was gonna get sorted in a week two weeks later problem still there ..waste 40 for a monthly bundle that worked less then a half ... And am vulnerable with mental health Vodafone left me completely Isolated from the World and Do nothing to Help
"New customer to Vodafone broadband - I have signed up 3 times now, each time cancelled by Vodafone for various reasons including 1. voucher did not work due to website failure, advised to start again by customer support (they will cancel for me) . 2. cancelled due to another account already open, apparently the other guy forgot to cancel the first one 3. Neighbour already using the line, advised to speak to neighbour to ask them to stop using my line - I asked what this means, call handler started speaking to me as though I'm an idiot for being confused?? Vodafone had cancelled it anyway, but advised I was welcome to start again once I was able to confirm the line was no longer being used by my neighbour. Um no, I'll see what a competitor can offer, thanks."
"RUN FROM THEM!This company is a thief!  We cancelled our service and they tried to say it was cancelled 9 days after billing cycle started.  This is a lie.  Also, we were getting Paramount Plus through TMobile.  They were double billing this and would not correct!  So well after cancellation they took the full month payment automatically (the second we cancelled service they cancelled our entire account so we were unable to cancel autopay).  They are refusing to refund our money or guarantee no further charges even though account is cancelled."
"5G is a SCAM. You’ll be lucky if you even get 3. I’m in the middle of the city and it RARELY loads anything. If you are deciding which service. DO NOT GO WITH AT&T!! They have spent more $ on marketing then actually improving their services. STOP PROMOTING 5G if we don’t get 5G. I have $ to spend so I tried each different plan. The only difference is hotspot/unlimited data into the bundle, but the speeds are STILL THE SAME. They lie and say they’re able to support 5G."
"I have horrendous reception with Vodaphone in 90% of the country, spoke to an advisor wand swapped sim into another phone and great reception, asked for a replacement phone (mine is iPhone 15) to be told can’t exchange even though faulty. Will NEVER use vodaphone ever again and will advise friends, family and customers not to touch with a barge pole"
The worst possible customer service I have ever experienced.  They didn't even try to help me
"What is going on, without sending the phone to the repair centre, how come Woolwich branch decide that the phone is not covered in warranty. The application form says “Good news your device should be covered by our warranty”.And the branch gave the reply “the phone should open to see if it is valid to repair”. If the phone is working then why even we bother to come to your place. Still there is three months to end the contract. I got it repaired for my sister paying £389 cause of urgency.Better deal with it, or stop creating and selling bullshit. And, now to hide the 1 star, you are creating fake reviews, wow! 🤮🤮🤮"
Tell you you're eligible for upgrade then refuse to give you a new phone or even let you go withthem for home broadband after being a loyal customer and never missing a payment will be taking my business elsewhere
"At$t got me to sign up with a family plan for 135/month. 4 months later and have only had 1 bill at that price. Also came in last month without warning and took 799.00. Promised a refund in 30 days and now at 33 days have not seen the refund. Coverage, customer service, data all poor in central Oregon.  Do not buy from them."
I'm leaving a Negative feedback as my boardband Contract has just ended with no Communication and a bill saying we are charging you this this month as I'm out of Contract . I'm applying to Virgin now . Cheaper by far  . You don't just charge someone a higher price without Communication . . I'll also be leaving Vodafone mobile due to this been with ya for 5 years . It's a f u and bye
Been trying to transfer number to a new  account.  Had conflicting instructions for two days. Hard to get the operator to what needs to happen back at square one again.
They have lied to me about my bill and credit.  They want to charge me 60 over quoted rates. All I hear is how no one can do anything g and they will charge me an early termination.
"The worst company .thieves charging every month without service excuses liars never try to grab ATT Never it’s enough  charges for everything and ridiculous. Have service 16 days and they want me to pay 265 dlls plus 90 plus 110  since April and still more NO .they lied to me offered a free phone charging company and then apears in my bill 1250 x3  of course I returned but now they want 55 dlls x3 = 165 for return, they LIED to me"
"F-n HATE this company. I had Sprint since Sprint was Nextel. Then T-Mobile bought Sprint and promised that Sprint customers would go to TMobile towers - LIE #1. They used the same old nonworking Sprint towers. I couldn't even get cell service inside or outside my own condo. And that's a problem as a First Responder in FL, esp during the pandemic and hurricane season when I'm on call. Thankfully I had a separate work phone (Verizon) that worked. As for my responder discount, I've been trying since Nov 2024 (it is now Dec 2024) to verify it using the whackass busted app called T-Life and I'm even on the phone trying to get a person for an hour. Also, upgrades were supposed to come with Costco bucks, but I ain't seen mine yet. Two tin cups with a string would work better than this. Everything about this company is broke, busted and utter crap. GO ELSEWHERE."
"If I could leave 0 stars, I would. I was a Nextel customer then Sprint, now T-Ghetto. T-mobile has thee worst, unprofessional and rude agents. Nextel and Sprint was far better..."
"Bit strange how some people still get the feel good Friday rewards every single week, and I for one haven't had one for months. Meant to be a random draw now, not very random when the same person gets it all the time. Maybe random means something different these days."
Horrible  service and customer support !!!
"Could not get high speed saleman off my property going door to door. Call AT and T and they told me if he came back call police. He came back next day and police had to come to get him gone for good. Why would a company tell me to call police on one of there employees, they should of told him to leave and not to go back to this home. We have no trespassing signs up."
Worst internet provider in UKInternet stops and you are left waiting 48 to be fixedIn the meantime there is nothing they do.They give out vouchers for a one Costa coffeeImagine if that happend gew times a month.AVOID AT ALL COST
"I was quoted a price of $150/month for a new cellphone plan (including two new phones) in-store (3315 Westpark Dr, Houston, TX 77005) and the price I’m actually paying is $90/month higher than what they quoted me. I’ve called customer service and the store multiple times and no one has solved my issue. This is outrageous. It was deceptive. It was a total bait-n-switch. They need to be held accountable for what they promise."
"I have a problem with my home landline, which is part of a broadband package from Vodafone.  I was told an engineer needed to visit to fix the problem. I received emails and texts confirming the visit and also a warning that i would be charged if i was not at home to receive the engineer.The engineer failed to show, so i called Vodafone Customer Services.  They struggled to explain what had gone wrong, offered a very casual ""these things happen"" and declined to offer any compensation despite my having wasted an entire morning.  And the problem is still not fixed........"
"Be aware of their AT&T promotion. I have been  customer individually for almost 4 years and business customer for way longer. I decided to use their promotion $1000 for trade in. They offered me $1,000 promo trade in for my 13 Pro Max 512 GB for 3 year contract. Today I got message they give me only $350 for the phone in a perfect condition without any scratch (always had screen protector and case on) that I could trade in to Apple Store for $350 without any contract or sell privately for about $650. I consider that to be a real scam and I do not want to be customer any more and want my old phone back. Customer support is useless and they even don’t see yet  that my next bill would be adjusted and I would be paying way more."
"I am beyond frustrated with T-Mobile right now. I have been a loyal customer for nearly 22 years. In fact, T-Mobile is the only cell phone provider I have ever been with, and I have sung your praises since I was 16 years old. For the first time, I am so upset over your processes and failed promises, I am ready to take my 5+ lines of service elsewhere. Not only am I considering leaving T-Mobile, but I am prepared to tell every and any one who will listen about my horrendous experience. While that may not mean much to you, word of mouth travels quickly - especially if I go to the media, (which they may or may not care to cover, but I will literally not stop until I'm heard).I have been trying to access my OWN PERSONAL phone records from November of 2022. After much run-around from representatives stating it wasn't possible, I finally spoke with someone from one of your physical locations who not only informed me it is possible, but he also told me how to get them. I wish I could remember his name because I was very grateful for his willingness to help. Per his instructions, I called, ""611,"" and asked for a reprint. Sure enough, that seemed to be all I needed at the time. I was assured I would receive my reprint in the mail within 10 business days.10 business days came and went, and I never received my statement. I called again, and a representative by the name of Angel, was very empathetic. He ordered a 2nd reprint for me, and he even offered to follow up with me within a week to ensure I received them. The week went by, and Angel called as he promised (super grateful for that), but I still hadn't received my reprint. He then told me he would request a manager to upload them and email them to me. He said it might take 24 hrs as they were really busy.I gave them 48 hours to get the job done, and yet nothing happened AGAIN. I called ""611"" that evening, and I reached a different representative who said they would send another request for management to email my records to me. She said she would call me back the following day at 10:00 AM while a manager was present to ensure it happened. Guess who never received a follow up call...That evening, after work, I called into the ""611"" line, and I explained the situation once more. I was assured yet another empty promise that I would have my November 2022 statement in my email within 24 hours. Do I have my phone records yet? No. No, I do not.Never, in my wildest dreams, did I ever think that it would be so difficult to request my own personal phone records. DO BETTER, T-Mobile; do better!"
I have been a TMobile customer for over 2 years. The prices keep going up service is not great. I have dropped calls no service in areas. Then I get hit with a free upgrade. Guess what it was not free I paid the fees then get my bill to discover I was billed $399 for the upgraded phone. I'm very  unhappy with the service. The customer service isn't much better. My prices continue to climb but I'm not getting anything else for my service. I do not recommend TMobile.  Go somewhere else.
"I called ATT a month ago for who knows what. While I was on the phone the rep (who I’m sure makes commission for up-selling) talked me into changing my plan (the one I’ve had for 20 years with no problems) promising that the 5G service would be much better and load faster. It was also going to cost an additional $5/mo (of course it is!) I agreed - how could I not?Of course - she never told me that there was no going back if I changed my mind. Which I did because the new service SUCKS! Now I can’t even load ANY websites, do any internet searches or use any apps unless I’m on WiFi. I’m not using any public/unsecured WiFi services so now my phone is useless. And even the phone calls are messed up - static, usually disconnect and I have to place the call multiple times.Thanks a lot ATT. After 20+ years I’m going to switch to Verizon. They can’t possibly worse than ATT.Also ATT - I can NEVER log into my account. And since you bought Directv you screwed that up too.I’m fed up and over ATT!"
Charged me $159 for something that never happened- an install of a router in a separate room. I called and they told me it would be refunded and it never was. Called back and they said they'd refund it this time. I have no idea if it will be.
"I have been waiting for an installation date since I placed the order on 11/10/24 every time i speak with an advisor they tell me it will be done in 5 days obviously not as still waiting .i have just been advised the end of January must have given up on the 5 days spiel .problem is they are quick enough to cancel your existing broadband of which I cannot now cancel parts of my package and is costing me monthly for stuff I don’t use ,sky were delighted to tell me this as they continue to take money from me and advised if it takes 12 months they will continue to rob me for 12 months.so don’t use Vodafone as they will keep giving false information and to cancel all previous contracts personally to save yourself a lot of money."
"No phone, 58 minutes on my neighbours phone and still no resolution!!!! Totally useless. Avoid them!!!! The customer service is the worst I’ve ever had to deal with!!!"
"I've been T-Mobile for about 2 years. I had an interest in upgrading my phone so, I did my homework, decided on a phone and began the omupgrade on the T-Mobile websiteThe figures provided were fine however, when you get to the consent page (to agree to the figures) everything changes to higher monthly payment amounts, your trade-in value is nowhere to be found etc.....I previously thought T-Mobile was a halfway decent carrier but, they're nothing but corrupt, unethical scumbags.Some Pinhead rep told me their ""system"" wasn't functioning properly and he then quoted me the price I originally saw. Too late! They lost my trust. Time to move on to another carrier....."
"I have had an incredibly frustrating experience with my current cell phone provider. First, the sales representative misled me by saying that if I got two iPhone 14 Pro Maxes, I would get two additional iPhones for free for my kids. I was also switching from a different provider, and he assured me that my bill would only be $165. When I asked about settling my bill with the previous provider, he said not to worry and that they would handle it.For the first three months, everything seemed fine. However, I eventually noticed my bill had increased to $220. When I called customer service, they informed me that the previous lower amount was part of a promotion and that my regular payments for the Pro Max were now due. I begrudgingly accepted this.The situation worsened when I needed to travel. I inquired about unlocking my phone to receive business calls abroad and was told it would cost $10 per day. Despite paying this fee, the service was terrible and I continued to be charged.Two days ago, I received a call from a collections agency regarding an unpaid balance for the phones from my previous provider. I was under the impression that AT&T had taken care of this, but they explained how it actually works.I went online and noticed that I am being charged for 4 phones. When I called customer service, they informed me that they would only give me a $6 credit for each phone they received from us as a trade-in. Now, not only do I have to pay my previous cell provider $1,300, but I am also essentially paying for the phones all over again without any clear explanation from AT&T."
All I’m going to state is STAY AWAY FROM THIS HORRIBLE COMPANY .Do not waste your money or time on this company that’s the most transparent warning ⚠️ I can provide. DO NOT PURCHASE T-Mobile service. Save yourself now.
"I had to click the 1 star just to be able to leave a review, but I wouldn't give them this much credit! Leo, the representative that I had the misfortune of speaking with, was incredibly rude and very hostile. I work in a call center myself and I have NEVER in my life dealt with someone who was so unprofessional! If he was not hacking in the phone, he was cutting me off and telling me ""Just go to the store"". I had told him multiple times I went to the store for the same issue and the store clerk told me they were not able to assist me because it has to be done through the customer service line. I have been a loyal customer of AT&T for 15 years, but I will no longer be using them. HORRIBLE!!!!"
"Couldn't organise a fibre broadband installation in a domestic household.My old broadband contract ran out in August, I tried to renew and upgrade to fibre. I spent at least an hour on the phone.No upgrade happened, I then phoned up in september to re-arrange, I did so, and no installer turned up, I cancelled a day of work so lost wages, Over an hour was spent on the phone. I was informed That there was an issue with my phone number and it had to be changed, gave my permission, was told that someone would ring me after this happened - it didn't happen.I then rang up a couple of weeks ago to be informed that someone would ring me - this didn't happen either.This has cost me money in lost wages, money in which I should have been on a fibre broadband contract, and time. All because a broadband company can't get it's core business right."
"If ONLY I could choose NEGATIVE 5 stars!! This company is a HUGE waste of my time! I cannot believe how many times I have canceled our service and continued to be charged! When I try to call I am put on hold for 30 min at a time! When I schedule a call they call me back, tell me they are unable to help me and put me back on another 30 min hold!! We will NEVER recommend this company to anyone! They are awful!"
"Honestly,  had a great experience up to 9/24-9/26.I have recently had lost my job and had a temporary part time job and had made a payment arragement that I really thought I could make it work.When I realized I would not be able to pay I called,  spoke to a rep.  All she could do was take my payment off so that checking account wouldnt overdraft. This was 9/22. I was told to call back on 9/24 after suspension to see what I could do.Chat on 9/24, the rep has no notes (I guess they don't write those on accounts anymore) so I have to repeat the whole process again.  They tell me there's nothing they can do. Even when I try to set up a payment for the 27th (I had a very small amount coming in). Nothing they can do.9/25 my van gets a radiator leak and hurricane Helene forms. I'm using chat,  had to go through the process all over,  get nothing but tolf to call the 1888 number because the hurricane might change that.   I call and start the process AGAIN.   Nope,  can't help me.   I guess knowing a customer out there who might not be able to contact loved ones in a deadly weather emergency is A OK morally.At this point,  I'm just curious if my phones are paid off,  because this isn't ok. Im suspended at this point, so I'm using my works wifi to use the chat feature.  Rep 5, after explaining the entire process with updates has to START THE ENTIRE PROCESS OVER.   Gets me to sign a paper to get approved for something (i think just to allow me to pay the entire bill on oct 11).  Talks me they will update me, but it'll take a few hours.   This was 12pm.  By 4pm still hadn't heard anything,  so started a chat with a rep 6 who HAS TO START THE PROCESS OVER and informs me that my letter was rejected (wasn't informed at all) and after a pissed off conversation,  I'm approved to pay 50$ on Friday, the suspension free is waived (60$) and i could make an arrangement for the rest.Final day 9/26:  I get paid early,  i start up a chat to pay the 50$ that I was promised abs told to pay.AND I HAVE TO START THE PROCESS OVER.I now am expected to pay the past due amount (not the 50$). And ""chat"" rep says they're ""limited"" in what they can do.   I literally show her screenshots of what was promised.Now they tell me to wait 24 hours for approval.  I cussed her out.I end up calling the 611 number and start the process for the 8th time.   I no longer have to 50$, i no longer have the 60$ service fee taken off and the ""computer"" can't even help me with the arragement (the dates aren't what I said I can do).Is some of this my fault? ABSOLUTELY.My issue is the lack of detail note taking that assists with helping reps deal with customers who have been speaking to several people.My issue is the lack of transparency when one rep says something can be done and it can't be done by another one.My issue is the lack of flexibility that reps used to have to assist customers whose lives just got slammed with too much stuff at once.Asking your customers to beg friends and family for money is not ok.  That customer may not have a friend or family.   There are people without support systems.Leaving your reps as shark bait for upset customers is a really crappy thing to do to employees.An inflexible computer system that doesn't leave any places for reps to assist with customer service leads to irate customers.After this experience I felt unseen,  not listened to,  and unimportant.That's why I'm leaving."
"Fine, until you try to leave.Service over the past two years is a bit patchy. Final bill was very confusing, incorrect charges, and general mess. Ended up about £10 out of pocket and honestly the customer service is so poor (several conversations with different representatives who all have no knowledge of my issue and gave me conflicting and incorrect information) it's just not worth chasing."
"At the request of a scammer, AT&T transferred my phone # to Consumer Cellular.  The scammers then attacked my bank accts and my 401K.  AT&T claims no responsibility and have since, charged me for the ""free"" phone ($330.50 +tax), made me spends hours on the phone with them (now 40 hrs and counting) to resolve the issues with AT&T.  They also charged me for a temporary phone (3 days at $60.50 + tax) to contact credit card companies, utility companies etc. (about 35 in total) that AT&T put at risk.  They are now having trouble reinstating the installment plan (and subsequent credit) for the remaining 14 month left on the installment plan.  I've been told by numerous people that the installment plan was reinstated and a credit issued when, in fact, that has not yet occurred (after multiple calls and more than 5 hours on the phone with them; currently I've been on a call for 2 hours and 23 minutes).  NO ONE at AT&T seems competent enough to resolve this issue.  They also don't seem to care that they caused me immeasurable problems and could very well have assisted the scammer in stealing my entire life savings."
Purchased a iPhone from them and they will not unlock my device have call them for the last 3 weeks they keep telling me it’s unlocked and it isn’t been without my phone for 3weeks
The device is locked and cripples the  dual sim feature especially when traveling. The customer support advised to get another phone for travel. So sad!
"Service was spotty most of the time regardless where any of us on the family plan were. The worst part was leaving. I have been leasing phones for many years with different companies but was never told that my monthly payments was actually a payment plan to purchase the phones instead of leasing them and returning them when I left the company. Now I’m stuck with paying the remaining balance, phones that are glitchy and new phones from the new phone company."
Customer service is terrible.  They only care about their commission.
"Rep over the phone outright lied about sending apple watches that would be paid for with ""credits"" that did not exist. Rep stated multiple times that the cost of the watches would be immediately offset by credits and to please sign the financing for the watches in order to process the order. Rep then asked for me to pay the taxes on the watches as that was the only thing that these ""credits"" would not offset.Found out today while fixing the account issues that she created when improperly bringing on the new line (which was the only reason I had called), that there were no credits and I had been straight up scammed into financing 3x apple watches on my plan. Customer services solution was to offer multiple opportunities for me to simply PAY for the watches anyways at a slightly discounted rate. Kept implying and using language that I HAD LIKELY MISUNDERSTOOD!!! Would not listen to the recorded call and acknowledge that their rep lied. Offered to have feedback sent into their inhouse team to have the issue addressed. This is code for ""please leave your negative feedback internally so that we can hide it from the public.""**Do not trust anything a representative says to you over the phone. They lie. They then wasted HOURS of my time pushing a product that I did not even request. Later they then implied that the fault was possibly mine and that I may have misunderstood. They then gave me the wonderful offer to simply pay them for the items anyways like that was a favor. I now have to go out of my way in the middle of yet another work day to send back the items. They acted like refunding me the sales tax I was made to pay was some sort of special favor. And in the end with her deepest condolences and apologies offered to give me a $25 credit for the inconvenience. Absolutely ridiculous..."
"After receiving a threatening letter informing me that I owe money for a Vodafone account that I have never opened, I contacted Vodfone and informed that they would deal with the issue and liaise with the police and credit agencies on my behalf... 3 months later I receive another letter informing me that it is now being passed to a Debt Collection Agency and there's nothing they can do."
"Where do I even begin.I have been with Vodafone for 2 years - never had a problem, about 4 weeks ago they had an outage ... Which coincidentally fell in line with when my contract has just renewed and they were sending me upgrade my broadband packages.I contacted Vodafone to inform them of the broadband speed dropping from 74mbps to 50mbps which was starting to interfere with our streaming services so we couldn't watch anything on TV. My partner then hotspot to the TV so we had some use of TV to which he lost all his data. It says it all that hotspot 5G data worked better than a WiFi service you pay for.I have been in discussion with Vodafone for 4 weeks, speaking to 8-10 different customer service agents to which I had some rude agents, one in particular who on a recorded call said 'so what do you want me to do?' all because the line they have was showing everything is fine.I asked for an engineer visit to which they said 'this can not be gone'. I have cancelled my contract to which they insisted I needed to pay £190+ as an early termination fee despite no service for 4 weeks!I could keep going and going to explain my experience but in short the service has been awful, our speeds have now dropped to 6mbps download speed to which we have no use of our internet at all - we are due to move away from Vodafone in the next week to another provider and I cannot wait to see the back on this business."
"The worst experience ever. A lot of lies, extreme unprofessionalism and I can't even make any sense of their actions. I informed them that I need to stop my contract on the 24/07/2024 as I'm moving to another country.They kept me on the contract. Then I got a notice in October for a sudden disconnection. I wish they stopped the contract at that time.As I don't have access to my account, I can check all this only via my bank account... As I left the country permanently. The Vodafone app doesn't allow me to log in n requires the use of SIM as verification which is an invalid SIM. So even if I want to pay, there is no way. Except if I make an international call...On the 11/2024 they moved me to pay as you go and on the 01/2025 I saw that they sent two monthly bills for November n December! Unbelievable...They kept the contract going again... As I live now in another country, you can still keep sending me letters and you can still keep sending me text to a number that doesn't exist! The only thing that works is the email.On the 12/2024 they told me that I m moving to pay as you go and then on the 01/2025 they sent me the monthly bill.All this whilst I lost my credentials in the app from 08/2024! I don't have access to my account!Still on the 20th of January, whilst I don't have access to my account, no SIM card, the employees are incapable of terminating my contract."
T-mobile telephone customer service is extremely frustrating! The agents are often difficult to understand and they have to keep putting you on hold. I was on the phone for over an hour and a half with waiting and being put on hold numerous times. I hope to NEVER have to call them again!!!
"Used to be a good service,  had then for years. Last year has been terrible. Can't reach anyone, lots of runaround and do not value my business. Had same SIM card for ten years and they want to charge me for a new one when it goes bad?. I'm prepaid for another few months and am then leaving. There are better plans with other providers, and customer service is a joke"
"I have been using 3 family phone lines and home internet from Vodafone in the UK for the last 4 years. I will be moving to my own house soon. The landlord has made an agreement with a new tenant. The tenant has created his own subscription. I received information from Vodafone that my contracted line will be cut off. Despite giving them feedback twice that I do not want my line to be cut off, my line was cut off. Despite communicating with them for 3 hours last night, they did not provide any solution. They preferred to proceed as if I was a new customer. They stated that my internet could be turned on in 2 weeks at the earliest. I did not understand what kind of customer protection policy they have. Be careful, when someone who feels like it applies for internet for your house, it can be cut off immediately. A big disappointment. They made us suffer a lot just when the schools were closed and I needed it the most during the moving period.  Moreover, the phone lines I use have been receiving terrible signal lately considering the area we are in. It is not befitting of such a big company.  A big disappointment."
"No wonder they have a 1.3 stars, it seems like they don’t care at all"
Took out fibre broadband on 4 September 24 it is much better than my last broadband but unfortunately my last broadband was not cancelled phoned Vodafone when I realised I was still paying my last broadband provider I asked why it was not cancelled they said they did not do that then so I must of dreamed this because they said I was not told this although I received many messages about dates of installation etc and feel sure I asked about cancellation of old service and told it would be cancelled for me so I now have to fill in a form although been told won’t do much good being a pensioner I feel sick that I have had to pay for 2 broadband services since 4 September trying now to cancel old broadband but unfortunately can’t seem to do this will review them next
"Your Techs didn't want to change my email address on my account to remedy my issue . No explanation just that it will redo everything.  What is everything? They did take the time to call me and repeat six times that they don't control Apple and that Apple hasn't hinge to do with them, providing  me an add-on that isn't working. The tmobile tech also called me at 10 pm to repeat the same thing, again! I was sleeping at that time! Now I am angry! Your company sucks with lazy minds, and I will tell the world why I feel this way!"
"I bought a used iPhone 14 Pro and my purchase verified at a local AT&T store. It took me many hours online and at the AT&T store to get my phone working with AT&T. And, it was an AT&T locked phone. Very frustrating. Now, after a year of horrible reception, I would like to have my phone unlocked. I have called tech support or six times and spent literally three or four hours on the phone. Each time they say it will be unlocked within three days. Now, nearly 3 weeks later my phone is still . I guess I will either sell the phone or try again. For the life of me, I cannot understand how horrible the tech support people are AT&T."
"Liars.  Do not trust AT&T.  Several lies from the salespersons telling us to sign up for the upgrade, and in the end new phones cost $690more than if we had walked in off the street.  Phones we just purchased are now worth a fraction of the price we paid.  Scammers.  THIEVES.  They will take as much money from you as you let them!!"
"Horrible Experience with AT&T Cell Phone Service - Beware!I am writing this review to share my extremely negative experience with AT&T cell phone service in hopes of warning others before they make the same mistake I did. If this review saves at least one person, then it has done its job.From the very beginning, expectations regarding billing were not communicated clearly. This left me with a false sense of what I would be billed. Imagine my shock when the bill, which was supposed to be consistent, changed so much that it ended up being approximately $50 more per month than what I was initially told.The nightmare doesn't end there. Trying to reach the third-party seller that sold us the service at Target was extremely difficult. Their lack of availability and support added to my frustration. Even the local AT&T store admitted that the third-party seller did us dirty, confirming our fears that we were misled from the start.When I turned to AT&T customer service for help, they were anything but helpful. All they did was reduce our plan to something equivalent to the prepaid plan we had moved from, which was Boost Mobile. For the record, Boost Mobile had way better cost and service.This is a warning to anyone considering AT&T: Be sure you get any and all promises clearly stated, both verbally and in writing. Do not sign anything you haven't thoroughly read and understood. Ask them to explain it 20 times if you need to, but definitely get what your final bill will be IN WRITING.Our experience with AT&T has been horrible, and I will never use their services again. To make matters worse, we are now stuck with them for three years unless we pay a ridiculous amount to get out of the contract. Even our expectations regarding canceling services were incorrect; we were completely misinformed about what we could do if we wanted to cancel.Now we are stuck, feeling deceived and frustrated. I hope this review serves as a cautionary tale for anyone considering AT&T. If it can prevent just one person from going through what we did, it will have served its purpose. Do yourself a favor and steer clear of AT&T."
"Our experience with AT&T has been extremely disappointing. On two occasions, they have proven to be an untrustworthy company that disregards their customers. Here’s what happened:We traded in our iPhones and shipped them as instructed. The shipment was received by AT&T’s warehouse, but they claimed they only received one iPhone, even though our shipment clearly showed the correct weight. Despite being loyal AT&T customers for five years, they refused to give us the trade-in credit for the new iPhones and made us pay out of pocket.This has happened to us twice when trading in phones. Each time, they essentially stole our money. We called multiple managers, and one initially acknowledged the issue and applied the credit to our account. However, a higher-level manager later removed the credit, blocked our phone, and restricted our account. When we called to address the issue, we were told that a manager had removed the credit and blocked us.This behavior is unacceptable. If someone in their warehouse stole our phone or mishandled our trade-in, it is not the customer’s fault. Instead, they falsely accused us of not shipping the item. This shows a complete lack of professionalism and integrity.AT&T’s poor handling of this situation, combined with their employees’ and managers’ unprofessional behavior, is unacceptable. We will be sharing our story widely, and many of our friends have already decided to leave AT&T because of this. They are a bad company with unethical practices, and we cannot recommend them to anyone."
"I am not exaggerating, if I ever need something changed on my account it takes no less than 2 hours to take care of. The customer service is the worst I have experienced. I have been with the company for a long time and at first I thought maybe it was an isolated issue but it is apparent that AT&T does not value service or customer satisfaction. It takes a miracle to get someone on the phone then usually it is the wrong department and you need to be transferred or the reps don't know what they are doing. I hate complaining about the employees to me it's a management issue."
"The absolute worst! I am simply livid right now. I was being charged for an extra line without having that line. I called last June to cancel the line, and I was told that their system was down so they could not cancel, but would do so once they got back on. Fast forward to March of 2024, looked at my bill and realize they never cancelled. Called T-mobile so they could reimburse me for the charges, I was told they could only give me 2 months and 3 as a courtesy. The manager was absolutely terrible! I am so riled up right now, have to just take a deep breath and figure out how to get my money back. Absolutely DO NOT recommend this company. SHe actually said my account was being transitioned from sprint to t-mobile last June so its truly not on them. .... shame."
0 stars.  Salesman  over phone are blatant liars… trying to milk you for every penny. absolutely lied to time and again.Then we get our bill and have  all sorts of new non discussed add on charges. Obvious fraud!Wasted my time over a hour on phone then wait for our phones to be mailed. Now we get to return them and switch carriers to probably another money grubbing company. But I will never use AT&T again.Know the advertised deals going on or the will take advantage of you.If we did this equivalent as consumers we would be jailed. Complete con artist . Reviews do no good. They need a huge law suit for lying to customers. Class action anyone !!
"I confirmed a phone and sim package upgrade online and it stated I needed to call in person to confirm.The price was £10 for the sim 50GB Xtra (which should include roaming in 51 countries) and £24 for the phone contract.I called to confirm the order and they stated the sim contract did not include the EU roaming and it would be £14. And then phone contract would be £26. Seems like they’re secretly trying to make money. Biggest waste of multiple hours. I can’t comprehend how an order can be placed online, call to confirm and they quote a completely different price."
Still waiting for a call that I was promised 2 weeks ago
"I’ve been dealing with T-Mobile for months, and it has been an absolute nightmare. In June 2024, I ordered a 5G internet plan and a Go 5G phone plan. Despite never receiving the order, I’ve been charged every month. I've made countless calls and sent emails, but there's been no resolution. Every time I speak with a customer service agent, I'm told a different story, full of empty promises and lies. It’s beyond frustrating.What’s worse is that I’ve been receiving constant threats that the charges will be sent to collections, despite their reassurances that it would be corrected. It's been over three months, and I still haven’t received a refund for the order that was never delivered. This company is acting more like a scam than a reliable service provider. It's unbelievable how such a large company can operate with this level of dishonesty and incompetence.T-Mobile, you need to do better. I feel like I’ve been duped, and no customer should have to go through this! Beware of their false promises and lack of accountability"
I wish I had read this before I was trapped. Lie to about there plan price charged triple on the 1st bill. Then no one knows where the 1st quoted price came from. They will rip you a new one. Customer Service 🤣 No one knows what’s going on but can definitely get the bank account your payin from correct. Make sure you have enough in the bank to pay the extra if not you’ll never get out. Call Spectrum they got it together.
Vodafone advertise unlimited broadband but the service I received was extremely limited - almost every day the broadband failed at random times for 20 minutes and some days I had no service at all. Trying to get help is a nightmare as they rely on AI and a call centre in India so the seasons changed while they tried (unsuccessfully) to sort out the various problems. I have returned to my previous provider and have had a full uninterrupted service from day 1. Don’t use Vodafone for broadband.
I have been on the phone for over 2 hours today with nothing resolved.  We have a simple online logging in issue.  I asked to speak with a manager and they just put you on hold to transfer you and then drop the line.
"Customer for many years,Left Virgin for the pricing moved to Vodafone Broadband to have 2 mobile lines and broadband under one bill over a year ago , I wish I never did. NO DAY GOES VODAFONE BROADBAND DOESNT FAIL,GO DOWN,NO SIGNAL,MODEM HAS NO CONNECTION..Must have called them 10 times ,Instead of Sending an Engineer all you get is an Indian Line Support via Chat facility,They can connect via your mobile phone to help. IT DOESNT WORK...900 Mbps connection is running at 90-100-200 Max ..So I'm exercising my contract option to get out of the contract and go back to Virgin as a new customer..I WONT RECOMMEND VODAFONE BROADBAND UNLESS YOU LIKE SELF TORTURE. As much as Vodafone Mobile is great the BROADBAND is definitely a No No"
"As i have clearly stated, Vodafone 'Tech Team' are fully aware of this ongoing issue, within the Post Code area of, 'LL58 8NN'. So i suggest that you escalate accordingly to them. And for them to provide the response that i require and request!Vodafone Ultra Hub, currently 'Ultra Useless' This review will be posted daily, until such time Vodafone have provided a, 'Positive response' and addressed the issue that i have raised with them. (The 'Bog Standard Reply') does nothing to enlighten me with their service!!! I have reported this item, through Vodafone, and their response below shows that they have not bothered to investigated further to confirm! Bring on the, 'Professional personnel' within Vodafone, who can resolve this issue? And provide me with compensation, for the service that i am not receiving, (which i am paying for from 14th September 2024). Vodafone have an ongoing issue with their, 'Ultra Hub' within my Post Code area! Which results in the connection dropping out, multiple times a day, every day, every week! I have been informed by their, 'Tech Team' that this issue has been present since the 14th September 2024. I have also been informed that this, 'issue' has been caused by the FAILURE of the Manufacture of this, 'Ultra Hub' in not carrying out a, 'Software upgrade' to rectify this known fault! Vodafone do not appear to know as to, 'When' this will be carried out???? Vodafone, 'Please pull your finger out' and give your Supplier a, 'Kick up the - - - -' to get this done now!! As a Customer i expect to pay for a, 'First Rate service'? I do not expect to pay for a, 'Third Rate Service' which i am currently getting!!! (Answers now please), Thank you."
My husband changed his cell and our home to t mobile. Thank heavens I kept my phone with Verizon. They cut service off before the due date. He is constantly getting his service interrupted. He has made like 5 payments in two months and pays whatever they tell him to pay but our service is interrupted every other week and it's frustrating spending hours on my Verizon cell phone calling T-Mobile to figure out what on earth has happened and if they can get it turned back on. They usually want another payment. I've never seen a company act like this ever. It's insanity. My husband is returning his phone tomorrow and disconnecting his service.  He has promised not to change our home wifi again.
"Att is absolutely garbage,  customer service the worst,  coverage really bad! I have the unlimited plan and I have no data most of the time,  really is time for a change after more than 8 years,  completely disappointed!!@"
"Utterly fuming with Vodafone broadband this morning. We followed the ridiculous process for giving 30 days notice for moving house, we specified clearly our request for disconnection on the 25th October and woke up this morning (21/10), 4 days early without broadband. Absolutely nothing Vodafone can do as it would take 14 days for a reconnect. Unable to work properly now for the rest of the week. So glad we didn't pick up the new contract they tried to sell us, although even though we declined the new contract they didn't listen and ordered it anyway. Shocking experience end to end. They want to sort their processes and staff out, they're offering an essential service for god's sake."
"Awful company. Found a great broadband deal and decided to change over to them. I knew it was too good to be true. City Fibre worker turned up and said there isn’t even infrastructure set up in the area, so why we were allowed to order this, we had no idea. We waited two weeks for nothing. Before this, Vodafone advised us that they would inform our previous company to cancel our renewal contract, whilst we were in the cooling off period. Guess what? They didn’t even do that! So we have had to stay with the other company, who have now offered us a better deal. Please do not be tempted by Vodafone’s great prices. Even after speaking to their customer service team, they weren’t even bothered and extremely unhelpful. They said they would call us back with an update, but didn’t. They clearly don’t care. We just keep getting generic emails saying you have cancelled the contract (which didn’t work ven start). Avoid."
If I could give them zero stars I would. I reluctantly switched over to AT&T for a “cheaper” bill. I ended up with 3 phones on two separate accounts due to the desperation of one of the agents trying to sell me a phone. She messed up my accounts and I was left to be responsible to pay for activation fees and the middle of the month billing fees due to finally merging the accounts. After trying to reconcile this issue for weeks. The customer service agents are rude. The wait times are long as hell. I never called Verizon and had to be switched to a million departments or experienced super wait long times. I am currently on hold with AT&T on two different phones. I have been on the call with different agents since 10 am and it’s now 2:17pm as I am writing this review. I never write reviews but this has been the worst experience ever. Please avoid going with this telephone service no matter how cheaper it may look it’s all a LIE!Update: I am still on the phone with the agents due to multiple accounts created by these inexperienced agents. Who in turn can’t fix your issue because it’s not their department just for them to transfer me multiple times and guess what your on hold for an hour. I wish I could screenshot these calls today. It’s currently 5:19 pm AT&T has taken my entire Saturday away! & guess what? I still have yet to get my issues resolved. This has been a total nightmare.
Very bad customer service. Sales is mis leading
"Is there any way we could take them to court? what are  our options?  They obviously are going to continue their business counting on people not wanting to switch again.  They are just talking bs and pocketing the money.  They are not remotely attempting to do better! It is pathetic and completely wrong ethically! I couldnt even reach a restaurant to make reservations today..nothing,,,no beep,,,no connection...they should be ashamed"
TAKING PAYMENTS BEFORE DUE DATES & LYING TO THEIR CUSTOMERSSTAY AWAY!! I PROMISE YOU DONT FALL FOR THIER TRAP!
"900mb broadband with average speeds of 300mb. I was told by the engineer who fitted it my speeds were low and to contact vodaphone to fix it. Have tried this and constantly met with a brick wall. They refuse to believe the engineer who fitted the broadband. 1 year down the line and the best speed I've had is less than half what I'm paying for. Terrible company, I'm looking at legal action now to rectify.In response to their answer : sorry but do you think I'm stupid? Do you really think I would write this review without running speed tests and doing everything your customer service adviser asked me to do? Your own tool says there is a problem but your adviser wouldn't  believe it. He told me it would fix itself...."
T Mobile lied about my the home internet working at my address.  Completely wasted my time
Spent an hour on the phone with a technical support rep Jospeh trying to troubleshoot my apple watch cellular plan. After not being able to resolve my issue he gave me the wrong phone number for advanced technical support. Spent a total of 4 hours on the phone with multiple different reps in an attempt to do a simple activation of an apple watch. Most masochistic experience of my life. I was respectful and patient the whole time and had a rep put me in hold purgatory.
"I have not received my rebates!  I have reached out a total of 5 times-months later no rebate!  I will be calling corporate tomorrow, followed up by a call to the BBB.  Nothing but lies, deception, aggravation and anxiety dealing with T-mobile!  You call and the call gets directed to the Philippines.  Second, i specifically asked to speak to the “retention team”.  I asked them “why should I stay with T-Mobile?  I switched carriers AND bundled home internet.  There was an incentive of a total of 300$ in rebates.  Thats not true, I have not received my rebate incentives.  The day I switched carriers verizon offered home wifi and for less money than t-mobile.   So please tell me why should I stay with T-Mobile?  Your job is a retention specialist tell me…why should i stay?” (Anne) listed a bunch of services ATT, VERIZON and many other competitors offer.  She discussed my bill that was due 2 days ago.  I explained “I was aware of my obligations, and told her that they did not answer my question! “.  Now they got a supervisor on the phone.  He was about as useful as a pair of tits on a bull!  Regurgitated the same bs as the previous person.  I asked him the very specific question…”why should I continue to be a T-mobile customer?  He went on about the services and i told him (Dave) your competitors offer that too and for less money…The retention team did not answer the question and failed at their task.i was with ATT cellular for 20 years (and probably another 20 before that with the old landline!  I left them, because I did not feel valued.  (New customers were getting better deals than myself and i had to ask for comparable discounts.)  i was with verizon for 3 years and switched for the incentives.  Like i mentioned earlier the day i switched they came out with a promo for less money in a home internet plan than what i was NEWLY paying at t-mobile.  Now no rebates?  Yes I will be reaching out to Bbb, corporate, and bringing this to the attention of some litigious lawyers.  Bring on the class action suit!WTG- Mike Seivert!"
"On Monday 21 October, Vodafone said that after 24 to 48 hours, my telephone number (that I had for over ten years) would be transferred to their network at a much better rate. On Wednesday 23 October 2024, the telephone line stopped working, and to this day (8 November 2024), I still don’t have any connection. My partner and I have spent at least 20 hours on the phone to them. Each time, we are told by various customer service agents (Sarah, Mo, Emma, and so many others) to wait 24-48 hours. We requested the PAC code to switch networks on 1 November 2024. To date, we do not have the PAC code. We asked for a letter of deadlock to report them to Cisas. They refused to provide one.From one customer to another, it's not worth the stress of the ordeal. The potential savings are not worth the risk of losing your number (potentially forever). Compensation of a minimum of £9.76 a day is inadequate. Not accessing health services for you and your family. Missing personal calls. Not speaking to family and friends. Missing business calls, especially if you are self-employed. All in the hopes that the line will be re-established in the ever-elusive 24-48 hours is not worth it. Today, Emma, who said, “I don’t mean to be rude but…” told us that we were in a queue and could not be prioritised, despite this ordeal. This is the same “queue” that we were supposedly in since Friday 25 October.It's not worth it.We also noted that the broadband connection constantly fails in the middle of the night for about an hour. The sales representative said it’s because they fix network issues at night. So if you like 24-hour broadband connection, look somewhere else.I have spoken to the team on numerous occasions. I have no interest in speaking on Facebook or X. Issue my PAC code and the letter of deadlock, so my family can move on."
"I went to a local T mobile store after hours of useless conversations on the phone to eliminate my account (I have a new phone service) they charged my account after I dropped service with them. I wanted to be sure they could not asses my personal banking information.  Over the phone the agent told me to go to a physical store, show my license and then then could eliminate my account. I went to a location in Camillus NY (On West Genesee street) the manager refused to help me and told me he could not assist me.. the Manager was indifferent and extremely rude.. I did get resolution at the Costcos in Camillus location. but it took literally hours of calls and driving to two locations to get resolution. I will never do business with them again"
"So poor is almost unbelievable!Failed to add a roaming pass (their issue) and then trying to charge me. After months of effort and time I thought it was sorted...Of course it wasn't, then they have passed my details to a very dubious third party debt collection company Zinc?! REALLYBeing a company contract mobile phone, I think a flag for non payment may be against my name/company - NOT COOLRoaming added in August, and still sorting this. I have spent literally hours trying to correct their mistake!? Going to Spain this month - Nervous :(More the JOKER than business networkDate of Experience - Late August 24 - OngoingHopefully contacting me in 48 hours - Definitely not going to hold my breath....New strapline - Thank you for holding, I appreciate your patience"
"If this service had 0 stars I would give zero stars to T Mobile Sales and Billing. I am not sure that the promises made by Telesales are real. So far, there is a discrepancy between the Tele-sales offer and the billing. I agreed to transfer five lines from ATT. I have the pdf file with the chat with Tmobile sales. The deal was for $176 per month including taxes and fees after some 20% insider code promo—also, four ""free"" iPhones 14s with no trade-in. I signed a contract for the New four phones 14s for $129 per month but  I was told the promo for moving from att would give me an equal credit of $129 every month for 24 months. When I called the billing they told me my monthly will be $280 per month and only two phones are ""free"" the other two  I have to pay for. If I complete the Port  from ATT to T mobile I would pay $80 more per month and have to pay for the iPhone 14s. The customer service is hard to understand and there is a lot of background noise. Some call centers overseas. The last person helping finally told me verbally that indeed I was going to get what I was promised but it could not be put in writing. (leap of faith?) I am tempted to return the unopened four iPhone 14s to T mobile and keep ATT, I have only transferred one line with a phone I own.  I have not ported the other four lines because I suspect it will be a billing nightmare. I have spent close to 5 hours dealing with billing so they can not guarantee my bills to reflect what TElesales sold me on. Legally, they made me sign an installment purchase for the phones but all the promotions are verbal statements or in the chat.  No one seems to care about the chat transcripts. They also, indicate to pay the wrong bills and that they are corrected eventually. In other words once I am stuck with the phones they own me and they can bill whatever they want. How can this company be gaining so many new customers with the BAIT and Switched strategy? These people need to be accountable."
"I broke my arm and had to have surgery. Needless to say, my mind was preoccupied. While I was in the mitz of preparing for surgery my home internet was suspended. I forgot to pay my monthly bill. My apology. I received no notification reminder that payment was due. When I tried to check my AT&T email for messages using my mobile phone using my data I no longer had access to the emails. Yes, not only did I not have no internet, I also could not use their email platform."
"This is a PSA for any T-mobile users out there. Watch yourself, cause T-mobile is out here stealing peoples money. I was with them for 2 long years. First, it started off with them telling me they could lower my bill, the price they quoted me was not the price I saw when I got my bills every month, service was ok but definitely not as good as my previous carrier. I knew almost immediately that when the contract was up, I was out! This past November it came time and I jumped to another carrier. They ported numbers over and told me to check with T-mobile to be sure that all lines shut down. December 19th I did just that, mind you it took me 3 hours in store to close because of some pin they said I set up in the initial start that 2 years later, I had never used. I spoke at that time to both in store associates and customer care and both assured me that I would only pay the balance they requested that day to complete the close of all lines. Neither would provide this so called “pin” even with my ID. I thought that would be the end, but a friend mentioned to me that they had something similar happen and their account never closed, causing another bill. Something told me with all the trouble I had with them to check on it. On Jan 29, I went in store to confirm that I was all set. Some how I had a bill larger than a normal monthly bill, I spent about an hour in there arguing with them before agreeing to pay another $288. They credited my account for an additional amount since they had seen that it was an error on their part. I verified several times that this was the last and final bill. Customer care and associates, again say that is correct and I reluctantly pay and leave.Mind you, once you port your numbers T-Mobile shuts down all access to your account and you cannot see or track any bills or payments. Well, it is now August… I receive a $175 bill from T-Mobile, but this time it comes from a bill collector! What?!? I go back in the store, they pull up all notes and agree that this bill should never have happened, call customer service and discuss my account. They have no explanation, but tell me it’s my problem, because it’s gone to collections. I will have to dispute the charge. They cannot help, customer care did not speak to me directly. I’m not gonna lye, I blew up in the store. To be clear, I NEVER received any bills. The store says they have an old address, but the debt collectors sure knew where to send it. I went home and called customer care myself.These people wouldn’t even talk to me about my account, because I don’t know the “pin” to my account. I have always used the same pins for everything, if I had a pin I know exactly what numbers it would be first of all, but no one in the company could or would talk to me about this account. Saying that they can see my account without the pin and don’t know where the charges came from??? Refusing to take care of or help in anyway! Again they told me I had to go to dispute with the debt collector and hung up in my face, when I told them that I am not dumb and know they can see all things related to my account. I called the debt collector to try to dispute it, and they told me that T-Mobile has to zero the debt out, in order to dispute and if I don’t pay it, I will see the hit to my credit. I AM PISSED AND WANT EVERYONE WHO DEALS WITH T-MOBILE TO BE AWARE….IF YOU READ THEIR REVIEWS THIS IS HAPPENING OVER AND OVER TO MULTIPLE PEOPLE. IF YOU GOOGLE IT ALSO SHOWS A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT AGAINST T-MOBILE FOR WHAT APPEARS TO ALSO BE FRAUDULANT PRACTICES. PLEASE MOVE ACCORDINGLY IF YOU USE THEM FOR YOUR CARRIER. As for me, next step is either the news or a lawyer!Sorry for the long rant, I would hate for y’all to have to deal with this non-sense!"
Had internet issues over a week. Promised a call back never happened. Called again and again offered a manager callback never happened. Their customer service is truly AWFUL
I started using AT&T prepaid a few months ago and it is the worst service I have ever used. I have to change. Logging in to pay is so ridiculous due to the switching between code and password and due to pw requirements. They try to force you to pay without signing in. There is no way to see payment history. My own mother can't even call. Customer service is terrible. Now i have to change providers AGAIN because of the issues.
I called them to figure out what was wrong with my bill had bogus charges on try to take care of it when manager said My money was unhonest I would not give them one star but I had to
I've had the worst experience with tmobile. I canceled my internet almost a year ago. They never stopped billing me. I also had a watch I bought. Was supposed to have it's own line. When I went to far from my phone it would say I'm to far for Bluetooth. When I took it to the store they said that It does not have its own line and that the phone number was just to keep track of making payments on the devise it self. Now 2 years later they say it was supposed to have service and over charged me $15 per month. So I totally I was over charged $785. Not to mention when I told them I did not want insurance on any of my phones come to find out they charged me for years 15 dollars a month per line. I refuse to pay the bill they say is $460. They owe me $750. I said I'm willing to cancel what I owe you and get my plan corrected. Keep the extra $350. They said that they can get it so I only owe $270. Thrn said i should have known about it. They will only do $100 credit. I have been telling them for months.  Not happening. I'm done with this company.
Wishing I could turn the clock back. Switched broadband provider from Sky to Vodafone on 08 Jan. Openreach engineer set it up and explained it would be up and running within an hour. Three days and hours on the phone to Vodafone later still no service. Vodafone say there is a problem with the Openreach box. Openreach attended today and find absolutely no fault with the setup. They call Vodafone and tell them to resolve at their end. Totally clueless operator says it will work this time. No it didn’t. Three days without internet and I have no confidence that Vodafone know what they are doing and can actually fix the issue. Next step will be to cancel the contract and go back to Sky or A.N Other. I really do wish I could turn the clock back and wish I hadn’t fallen for Vodafone’s marketing hype and cheaper monthly contract.
"The quality of the broadband is good, but the app provides false information about payments and bills aren't showing details about missed payment.I must been missed one payment for them and than strange things happened:Next month I tried to pay for the current bill but had no idea about missed payment (they never informed me about it) there was some super strange glitch:first payment had returned the message unsuccessful so I tried to pay again and it was successful. Than when I have checked with their app it shown double amount taken. I checked the previous month and it says that successful payment via DD. So I have contacted them via chat: first thing no4 PIN nor memorable word have been working, after unsuccessful attempts to pass so many security questions my chat has been disconnected. After putting again in the PIN and memorable word via their app I have started new chat this time I passed the security with no problems, then I started the dispute about the double payment and it was a terrible experience: the agent said that it is shown on the bill that I paid for the both missed payment and current month - it was a rude lie - no such information has been given on the bill only current month and the late fee has been shown but overall sum has been doubled. After 2 hours of me trying to explain what is wrong I have checked my account statement from the bank and indeed there was no transfer of DD to Vodafone for missed month, but also there was no reversal information which is always provided if the DD is unsuccessful. For me it is very strange that the app is showing that I paid for the broadband and also makes me suspicious that they have no provided any information that payment has been missed also very strange that it is not detailed on the bill for what they charged me double amount plus late fee and at the end the strange glitch occurred during payment.1 I was never informed about missed payment2 there is no evidence in the app (it's shows paid via DD3 even during this payment wasn't any information about missed payment and that I paying for it4 on the bill is no information about the missed payment - the final sum doesn't add upI don't know what to think about that experience it makes me starting to believe in the conspiracy theoriesAlso it's extremely hard to communicate with agent via chat the window don't scroll automatically to the latest messages by me or by agent you have to do it manually, after couple seconds of inactivity it says: ""I'll give it three more minutes before I end this chat session"" and it is very stressful to log into the bank and check the account within 3 minutes.Also it's really strange that when I have logged into my banking app it downloaded the statement from year before and it is usually showing the latest statements on the top.As well they said that theirs system does not allows them for offer any form of reimbursement for the hassles and poor quality app.Everything what I have experienced makes me believe that all reality we experiencing is in the fact matrix I mean that data can change in the split of the moment in one moment I have a statement which is shown payment made but after sending the screenshot to agent it turns out to be from the year ago.I don't want to make any accusations but it's they provide the transport of the data to your device who knows if it is not possible to change the realms at least on the digital level."
"I was deeply disappointed with Vodafone's handling of my broadband move. At my old address, I enjoyed 900 Mbps speeds, but at my new address, the maximum speed they could offer was only 80 Mbps—a drastic downgrade. Despite this, they refused to waive the early termination fee, even though they failed to provide a comparable service. It’s incredibly frustrating that Vodafone penalizes customers for moving to areas they cannot properly service. Their lack of flexibility and unwillingness to support loyal customers is unacceptable."
"Shocking customer support.Terrible broadband speed and regular disconnections.Can't even log in to my account due to them sending a code to my old number (both my new and old mobile numbers are with them), even though I spoke to numerous call centre people. And the engineer that responded to my complaint about my connection dropping out called me when I wasn't at home and decided they'd mark it as fixed as it was intermittent.Caused nothing but frustration."
Let me start by saying this.... if it was possible to give minus 10* rating I would. I wouldn't recommend vodafone to my worst enemy. The customer service is shit.... the vodafone provider is shit. I've made well over 20 calls in two years regarding there service. I've had to have 3 new boosters I've had to switch the router on and off pretty much every few days. I've had to fully reset the router lost count on that. I'm so happy my contract has ended I'm now going to take the router and the boosters and take a hammer to them and once I've done that I'll set them on fire and then I'll piss on them. I think after that I'll be happy.... VODAFONE STICK YA SHIT BROADBAND UP YOUR ARSE YOU USELESS C**TS. KIND REGARDSJay smith 🖕
"AT&T's chat/call centers appear to be staffed by poorly trained people reading scripts. I suspect, based on some of the weird nonsensical answers, they are also using AI chatbots. AT&T's poorly trained staff are forced to deal with its poorly designed systems. Did an agent accidentally not activate your eSim properly while you're chatting with them and then pass you off to another agent? No problem, the new agent can (and must) text you a new PIN number and try the process again. You can't receive a text because your eSim wasn't activated? Well gosh, there is ABSOLUTELY nothing that can be done without visiting an AT&T store in-person. Want to go before work? Tough luck, they all open at 10 or 11 in the morning. Once an impasse like this is reached, you will be handed off (with no warning) to another agent who also can't help you. I went through 3. The last guy finally gave me a phone number for the ""Advanced Technical Team"". The message at that number said it closed in February of 2023. Here's the number: 888-855-2338, listen for yourself. Also, frustratingly, no part of AT&T is connected to any other part of AT&T, so enjoy repeating yourself."
My iPhone broke before Xmas- it is covered by Vodafone for repair or replacement.The people in the store were pleasant but really poor at communicating what information was required to be able to send the phone off- I had to go back twice and my husband once. Information given was completely contradictory and caused a significant waste of my time.
"I would give zero stars if I could. I had a business account with this company. While on phone with customers, the phone would drop calls. It became so frustrating that I ported my number to Verizon on 8/8/2023. By the way, I have not had any issues with Verizon. Any who, on September 23, I contacted T-Mobile because I received an unexpected phone bill. The representative stated that there were additional lines that were not ported. I was unaware of these lines because there wasn’t a SIM card or a phone for the lines in question. I asked that the account be canceled on 9/23. The representative stated that they would have to complete an investigation and someone would call me. Unfortunately, that never happened. On October 24th., I called T-Mobile because I received another bill that had accumulated additional charges. This issue was still not resolved due to their incompetent associates. On November 23rd, I contacted T-Mobile again to address the accumulated charges because I was billed on a phone that was not used for the months of August, September, October, and November. The line was finally disconnected in November due to nonpayment. When I spoke to a representative to inquire about the charges and who was responsible. He stated that the system noted a “future cancellation” I had to record this for my documentation. I did not ask for a future cancellation. I asked that the lines be canceled as of 9/23.Now, the bill has went to collections with inaccurate data. Not only has T-Mobile incompetency ruined my business credit it has also forced me to pay an inaccurate bill which has been paid in full. If you’re considering T-Mobile as your phone carrier…. RUN!!!!!! pay a little more to have a peace of mind, exceptional customer service, and a technical/help support team.I’ve been contacting T-Mobile since September it is NOW March and this issue has not been resolved. T-Mobile you can’t go around robbing customers without a gun. I’ve been a loyal customer for many years however, I’d never ever recommend your services nor will T-Mobile ever be my phone carrier again!"
"Absolutely appalling service. Placed an order on 9th October to move from our current supplier to Vodafone. Due to have engineer for installation tomorrow (28th) and no kit has turned up ahead of this, ring Vodafone to chase it up and apparently no log of any order even though confirmation, contracts and installation info all emailed across. Call handlers didn't even try to rectify the situation or offer any resolution, just terminated all of the order. We wanted confirmation that the contract would be void, as the documents currently say tied in for 2 years aswell as having all our bank account details to take payment and instead of offering this in a way of an email the call handler terminated the call!Absolutely poor company,  definitely avoid."
if you are on a pay as you go plan and run out of data and want a different its worse than pulling teeth best you can find on google is to opt out of current one but no way to buy anorther one if you want to buy anorther one nope needs a new number you can order and finding a number to talk to someone is like pulling teeth ill be leaving
"Fing shit company, don’t think your getting a good deal with these f ups half the time the mobile data is down or signal is shiy rather pay a little more for a lot better, shite company hope it fing goes down in the dirt"
"Had broadband since 2020 and it's got steadily worse since. The past few months have been unbearable. I work from home and can't do half of what I need to do due to poor speeds and an unstable connection. I have spent several hours on the phone to Vodafone over the past couple of months, and on 22/12/24 I was told I could leave if the issue wasn't rectified within 30 days.On this time, I have made several calls to customer support who have offered contradictory advice on every call with no improvement. I have also had a visit from Openreach, that did absolutely nothing. Today I was given yet another 24 hours to wait before being given a call back to find out that the issue has yet to improve. I was told today that if I cancel, I would be liable for the early termination fee even though I am already paying for an unusable service.Shocking network, shocking service. Absolutely avoid. Thankfully, the staff have been pleasant so that's the only plus point.Update 20/01/25Vodafone still have no record of the email they have sent, which I have helpfully tweeted at them after spending several more hours on the phone, being passed from home broadband team to cancellations, and back again. They are still insistent that the cancellation fees apply, even though we are now at 30 days since I received the early termination email. Shocking customer service yet again."
"I had 24 months broadband contract with Vodafone I completed the contract and I paid the bills regularly. Following I had the option to continue on one month basis contract cancellation notice. I give one month notice to terminate the contract and I paid the last bill.Vodafone didn't terminate the contract and kept charging me for a service I never used. Now I received a JCC warrant notice to pay over £500, completely dishonest and fraud.I have contacted Vodafone and I have wrote a letter to the head office regarding this. Will wait and see."
"It's unbelievable how difficult it is to get it is to get anything done with their customer service. I signed up for 2 business internet lines, 2 business phone lines with trade-ins. I have spent collectively 7 hours on the phone with sales and various customer service departments just trying to get the lines set up, phones traded in, and business internet set up."
Customer service was horrible.  My main screen went out and I followed the instructions for resets and even went to the store they recommended to run diagnostics on the phone which said the screen was defective.  I called back to get a replacement and the tech wanted me to to repeat everything again and go to a T mobile store.  The rep the day before said they would ship a new phone since I have insurance.Spent two hours on the phone. Very disappointed this was not resolved and will not be held hostage for two hours at a store like I was when I switched from ATT.  Buyer beware
Absolutely shoddy.. I’ve been with Vodafone for over 20 years and never had a problem until now… I can’t stop the contracts at the minute because I unknowingly started a new 2 year contract in November for my daughter by just uping her data.. when I also asked at the same time if I can change her phone into her name when she was 18 which was 4 weeks after uping her data’s… I was told yes I could .. I now can’t change her phone into her name because the new contract doesn’t run out till November 2026 unless I pay a cancellation fee... like I said I didn’t know that uping data would start a new contract.. also my bill has upped significantly with added airtime payments.. not only do I pay £120 a month added airtime payments are also added on which ups my bill by an extra £50+ ontop.. as soon as all the contracts I have are finished I’ll be changing phone company… absolutely shoddy and I’m so angry about going into a new contract by only uping data
"In December, I upgraded my phone but decided to return it under their policy and purchased a different one. My trade-in had already been processed, but after extensive conversations in-store and online, I was assured by multiple T-Mobile representatives that the bill credits from the first purchase would transfer to the second.Fast forward a year, and I’ve discovered that wasn’t true. I didn’t notice the missing credits sooner because my bill is already higher than other providers. When I reached out, T-Mobile apologized (Chat Reference ID: 2cd9bf0e-5733-44bc-aae8-ceeffd5fa014) and offered to start issuing the credits now—spread over the next two years until December 2026. But this doesn’t address the almost $500 already stolen from me because multiple people lied to me about transferring the trade in device credits.Under the original agreement, my phone would have been paid off by December 2025, and my bill would have been $40–50 cheaper per month. Instead, I’m stuck paying for their mistake.T-Mobile, I want a refund for the money you owe me, not just future credits. This is unacceptable."
"Why did I leave O2Sometimes the cheaper phone contracts are not always the best thing.Signal is in and out like a yo yo for a start.The roaming charges are ridiculous. No add on available to buy if you travel out of Europe.Come on Vodafone step in to the real world.I can not imagine being told to use a SIM card from another company from o2 , three or EEYes I know you have a global package but tell people about it.You can charge people 7.39 per day for roaming because you don’t have anything in place.I will never use Vodafone again"
"Router not working, smells of burningTried ordering a new plug more than a week ago and got nowhere, purchased 2 plugs twee if that’s the issue as Vodafone wouldn’t send one, spent time on phone going through all the usual checks as the advisor didn’t believe us, the call kept dropping as no signal in home and no Wi-Fi, vodaphone don’t care, Saturday just gone we managed to speak to someone who after a painful hour on the phone ordered a new router and promised it would arrive Monday : and arrange a refund  for non service. Today is Monday, no router, no compensation given, DPD are delivering however the app says they are delivering to the wrong address, called Vodafone so far been on the phone for one hour, nothing resolved, been made to feel it’s our fault delivery is going to the wrong location. And can’t give a date the router will arrive,Already cancelled two phone contract with Vodafone: can’t wait to get out of this one"
"If you are a tourist avoid the prepaid t-mobile. The coverage was so poor on the west coast that after a week of use I went back to a store to find out what was wrong. It was the worst wifi prepaid I have experienced in 11 countries. I was told it was unlimited data for US$65 a month, but it seems the prepaid speed is slowed when t-mobile plan users are on the network (they get priority), and it is not unlimited. At 50G you get a message to say you still have unlimited data, but it slows to unusable speeds. Misleading sales and terr"
Do not go to the T Mobile store on Spartanburg Hwy Hendersonville NC. An employee named Conner waited on us He acted like we interrupted whatever he was doing in back room. We wanted to upgrade our phones and we were told that their service was down and that the store was completely out of phones. That was our experience.
"I have 3 lines with them and are loyal customer for years as I don’t often want to change but unfortunately this time I’m very disappointed. Since I renew the contract, I have entertainment to choose from but it never worked regardless how many time I contacted them , it never sorted out, they said someone will call to follow up and sort out for me but no one called , I kept calling them and nothing happened. It has been Almost 1 year now . I will not sty with them when my contract finished .Plus the quality isn’t and good like before, 5g speed is slow, often get no signal in some area, price are expensive even you are loyal customer. Think again if you want to join with VODAFONE. Customers service are not good to deal with."
"I have been with Sprint for 20+ years now T-Mobile. I was shopping to see if I should switch to ATT with my wife's legacy plan or have her move with me on my Sprint legacy plan. I called the T-Mobile customer services line as I was shopping for rates they told me that I would get a 20% discount if I went to a different plan and I could add my wife. They send me a link I fill out the information. T-Mobile sent me an email to call they confirmed it's 15%. As I was ready to switch the contract, I double-checked I called the number again 877-384-0296, and yet again they said yes it's 15% and I am eligible for it. After they switched me to a more expensive plan there was no 15% discount, I called them and they said they apologized but I am not eligible for the 15% discount. I have spent hours on the phone they refused to pull the recording and listen to it to honor what they told me twice. I am currently looking to leave T-Mobile as it has been a nightmare for me since they bought Sprint. I highly recommend you do not do business with companies that do not honor their words especially when you have been with them for 20 years. I am looking to exit my contract with them and sign up with a different carrier. Haresh P."
"Totally hopeless, wanted to get a replacement SIM for my 83 year old father who recently had to get a new handset with which his SIM didn’t work. Vodafone simply could not understand that someone who is 83 is not in a position to comply with all their unreasonable requirements. After numerous calls and over a week I had to get a new SIM and move network. Father completely worn out by the whole discriminatory  ageist episode. At 83 he cannot be without a phone for obvious reasons but that didn’t stop Vodafone messing me about for over a week. Their answer / response was a £30 voucher for an account my Father no longer has. You can’t write this stuff. PatheticAnd what a surprise instead of just arranging a call they have responded with all manner of convoluted solutions to “find out more”"
if i could give no stars i would. Customer service is non-existent. 3 phone calls one adding up to 4 hours just trying to order an upgrade sent to a store miles away to collect as not in stock locally only to get there and be told order hadn't been placed and they didn't even have the phone in stock! full day wasted trying to sort a phone and still nothing. called to cancel my account to get passed about and be told that a manager will be in touch in 10 working days
"ATT termination my internet early by 2 weeks prior to moving.When I called in the morning because I work from home. . . they told me that it takes 7 days for them to turn my internet BACK ON.They turned it off. . . but they cannot turn it back on. . . ?Okay.  That didn't keep you from charging me another $60 because you told me you ""could turn it back on.""Come to find out, they cannot?!  Okay.I will work out of a cafe' for 2 weeks until I move and spend 10x the money for food/coffee out of GENERAL PRINCIPLE to keep my $$ out of the hands of ATT.Worst. Service. Ever.And on TOP OF THIS, they kept me on hold and just to be told this, i spent over 3.5 HOURS on the phone.NOPE. NEVER. AGAIN."
"Do not go for Tmobile, they literally scam you for money. I ordered for a T mobile hotspot, but I received a TCL tablet with sim card. When I called customer service, I was told that fake account with pin was already crerated, I have to go to a nearby t mobile store, I requested for cancellation of my account and autopay. I returned back the equipment within a  month. They have cancelled my account but not the autopay. I got a mail that I have to pay for TCL tablet, eventhough I returned it. Now I am being told that I have to go to near by T mobile store to open my closed account and ask for refund. This is my more than 6 times calling customer service and three times going to T mobile store in a month."
T-MOBILE WAS THE WORSE COMPANY 20 YEARS AGO AND NOW EVEN WORSE THE CUSTOMER SERVICE STAFF IS UNPROFESSIONAL AND THE SERVICE SUCKS. FINALLY I GOT RID OF T MOBILE MAFIA AFTER SUFFERING FOR 2 YEARS AS THEY WONT LET ME OUT OF CONTRACT. TODAY I  ASKED THE LYING AGENT TO REMOVE AUTO PAY SHE LIED SHE DID BUT SHE NEVER DID SHE HUNG UP AND CHARGE MY CREDIT CARD RIGHT AWAY BEFORE THE DUE DATE YOU CAN TELL HOW FKED UP THIS COMPANY IS VERY DECEPTIVE AND NOW I AM ON HOLD FOR 3 HOURS TO FIND OUT WHY THEY LIED AND CHARGED MY CREDIT CARD. I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND TO ANY ONE TO T-MOBILE EVEN METRO PCS IS A BETTER COMPANY THAN THIS MULTI MILLIONS DOLLAR COMPANY LIKE T-MOBILE WHERE SERVICE IS HORRIBLE AND THERE SERVICE DOES NOT WORK AT THE AIRPORT METRO PCS DOES.
This is the worst customer service I’ve ever seen.  They sold me internet that never worked and never told me any time during a full month of tech calls and hours of my time that what they sold me would never work.  No internet for a month and gipted me out of a $200 rebate.  I warn anyone considering using T-Mobile internet to steer away.
"They really don’t deserve any stars because they will continue to raise your bill each month and then when you leave them they will charge you ridiculous fees on your final bill that just continues to grow higher! Was on the phone for an hour trying to resolve the final bill and they would not even try to work it out so I just didn’t pay anything and will go to court and tell how they ripping customers off. Make a wise decision and don’t give them your business. There service sucks, AT&T service and coverage is much better!!!"
I am very pissed right now. We went on a cruise and there was no service. The cruise charged us 5 dollars for the internal message system. Just message through the cruise app. Nothing to do with att. The second day on the cruise was my husband’s birthday. So att send us a message that you can pay 25$ a day to have a service. My husband paid for one day so he could respond to all the birthdays messages he received. My daughter and I didn't even use our phone the whole trip. It was our way to live in the moment and be away from the phone. And now back home we received a bill and att charged each of us $125 so a total of 375 and say that we used our phone!!! My husband called them but they do not want to understand. He is going through cancer right now and said he is tired and do not want to fight with them and say he will paid and want peace of mind. I think it is not fair at all. We did not even use our phone and to be charge this amount! We being with att since 10years !! That is not fair.
"AT&T cut my internet line when they connected my new neighbor’s service. Instead of fixing the line, the service guy left it. I had to take a day off of work for them to come back out and reconnect the service. The service guy said they would bury the line within 10 business days. It has been a month. AT&T caused the problem and still has not finished the work. AT&T should do better! Poor Service!"
"6 weeks and still waiting on broadband installation. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Terrible, disjointed service. Gave me a complaint ref then closed the complaint without speaking to me, I still have no service and am told simply to wait"
I have entertainment airtime where I choose Youtube premium but since selecting this option in October today is the second day where there is a delay on the monthly rollover so I have normal youtube for between a few hours or more than one day until the premium starts again. So this morning trying to listen to music and getting advert after advert on youtube despite Vodafone saying its part of contract. It should roll over immediately month to month than having this day lag where I have no youtube premium
"Went to local Vodafone store to transfer 3 existing mobile numbers, got what seemed a good deal but told could only do 2 numbers now and the third in 30days.. just pop back and we will do it.. 7months on several visits to store cannot transfer 3rd number. Total joke have been mid sold product.. spoke to call centre no joy, asked to raise complaint as been mid sold product.. was offered £50.. declined the offer as what I require is 3 sims not to be bought off.. So going to persue complaint"
My husband and I went to an att store to setup a new plan with them. We both came from Verizon but on our parents plans. The transfer was not done correctly. The porting pins Verizon was not entered during the transfer. This resulted in us both losing our phone service in a few days of use. Mine happened first since I kept my old phone and husband stayed on his parents plan until it arrived. I spent three hours on phone with att and Verizon and my mom to get the porting pin. My husband is now going through this. This should not be this hard nor stressful. We are spending over $140 a month and not having any service. We are going to a cheaper service since att charges a lot for bad service.
"If I could give a lower rating I would.  AT&T is the absolute worst mobile carrier.  Service is slow and nonexistent most of the time and way overpriced.  But the customer service,  that is the real downfall.  AT&T customer service has to be the worst.  They refuse management, refuse call backs, hang up on callers and take an excessive amount of time with transfers.  Don't try to get anything resolved ever, that doesn't happen with AT&T.  I spent 6 hours trying to fix an order AT&T screwed up and nothing was fixed.  I was told I have to place and pay for a new order and dispute previous charges for an order AT&T f'd up.  Thanks for the lack of customer service!"
"Installation day did not happen for my 92 year old Aunt till 6 days later and only happened after constantly phoning them up, speaking to customer service who kept asking for my ,92 year old Aunt to ring them on her mobile? As if she has one. Terrible service and I question Trust pilot ratings on how Vodafone has 4.5% rating when only 60% give it 5 star and 36% give it 1 star...."
THIS COMPANY SHOULD BE CLOSED DOWN TERRIBLE CYCLE OF LIES AMD CHARGE FOR SERVICES I NEVER ASKED FOR BILL WENT FROM 78.00 TO 525.00 RUNNNN DONT NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY I WISH I HAD LOOKED AT THE REVIEWS BEFORE THIS IS A HORRIBLE COMPANY RUDE STAFF JESSICA AND LESLIE JUST HORRIBLE .STILL WAITING ON A MGR TO RETURN MY CALL 3 DAYS AGO
"We bought our IPhone 11 at 2021 and iPhone 12 at 2022 with their service until may, 2023. We then switched to Consumer Cellular without contract till now. When we are planning a trip overseas, we found out both iPhones are sim locked by carrier. The problem is that we can not use local data SIM card service, which are much cheaper that AT&T international roaming services. So we contacted to Consumer Cellular to help us unlock our phones. Consumer cellular response to us, that iPhones were not bought from them we have to talk to At&t. AT&T online unlock device service don’t let we submit request in, because those phones current service by their reseller, ask us to call consumer cellular instead. We were spent three days, have been back and forth kick off forever. We are now locked to consumer cellular and forced to use their services forever and couldn’t use any other carrier companies service as we like to."
"A truly shocking experience.I took out a broad band business contract, it was sold to me as a 30mb supply, open reach on one of the many visits due to NO broadband at all, tell me that the cabinet was too far from the property to fulfil the contract. I was without broad band for weeks at times. They moved my business plan to my personal account for reasons best know to VF causing later issues. I canceled the contract in oct 2023, in sept 2024 I was contacted by a debt collection agency telling me that I owed 130 quid for supply unto July 2024.I spent (and this is going to sound like an exaggeration) 100 hours plus trying to sort the issues out when the contract was live, with many issues including the fact that VF disconnected my phone and then lost the number, yes LOST the number for a business that was recognised by the number for decades.Back to the personal account being transferred from the business, I am now apparently personally liable for the debt for a contract that I don't have, haven't used, and don't want. more over they won't talk to me because I don't have a contract?????The rude and aggressive South African call centre asked me if I had any needs that have to be taken into consideration, I jokingly said if they didn't sort the issue out during this phone call I would commit suicide. Not PC I know but I was at the end of my tether and the interrogation by the call centre operative was as if I had personally wronged him. I got a call back immediately from the VF care team who sorted the issue out within 10 minutes.The ""moral"" of this story is VF will only sort issues out on pain of death."
"Tech did not show up for appointment. I called. First time, the rep put me on hold…did not notify me I’d be on hold for 30 minutes. Second time I called, rep told me to put my desktop in a laundry basket and go next door for internet.Update- after speaking with another customer service rep.- the repair guy was running late. He finally showed up at 8pm (12-4pm was appointment time) and was able to fix the problem."
"Tried to restart a plan I had for 15 years with 2 lines, tried another carrier for 62 day The rep  said 59 day is the cut off for reactivation and would not make an exception !!! so I had to start a new account. I  was speaking to was in SOUTH EAST ASIA , I gave my name, address drivers license with expiration date they insisted on my FULL SS, NO WAY, SOUTH EAST ASIA is the capital of identity theft , so unfortunately the call ended with no reactivation,  total BS"
"Terrible experience with T-Mobile's customers' service.Paid the phone on May 1st, T-Mobile sent the wrong phone, returned the equipment,  has to pay again to get the correct phone.  The refund never came back after 3 months with numerous phone calls,  talking to over 20 different agents, every time they gave wrong story,  still fighting for the refund.."
"T-Mobile uses deceptive promotions, by saying you have to be targeted to qualify while at the same time trying to get you to change plans when in the detail description of the promotions never mentions anything about having to be targeted, I am a customer of over 20 years dating back to Sprint"
"I am experiencing the worst customer service Ive ever experienced. There is no possible way to speak with someone at vodafone it’s an impossible task. I have  submitted a transfer of ownership form on 23rd October, everything completed as requested as I am trying to switch to a business account and I have heard nothing except it was in process.I have tried contacting and when you call and try and speak to someone you get the automated everything choices but no option to speak with someone it then just ends the call on me. The chat bot says I haven't been able to transfer with various stupid responses ! How on earth do you run a business for customers with no way of actually speaking with anyone.Im going to have to now cancel my account and switch providers I cant  have a business account with someone who offers zero help or assistance in-the form of a real person.Having spoken to a chat person they advise the transfer was stopped as they called my daughter ( who knew nothing about transfer) and she said she didn't know about it? Its not her account nor the name on the account so why even speak to her. I spoke with them after this and confirmed it was confusion on her part and to still process however they have not processed for this reason. So what can I do? No help what so ever, just call this number but the number provided on the chat doesn't even exist. Absolutely useless!!! Tell me how I am supposed to resolve when you have no support in place for me, currently looking at EE I hear customer service is far better."
"AT&T in Valencia, bad experience, manager lacks communication skills and talks down to customers, went to the one in Stevenson Ranch and was able to update my phone."
"I am moving house and have so far spent over an hour trying to get through to someone on the helpline. The line then cuts me off.  They are now going to ring me back at 17:00 today. For a process that should be simple as alluded to online, this has so far been a nightmare with the robot chat sending me round in circles. I will update if we are successful with our change! Seriously thinking of changing providers."
"Worst Customer Service I’ve ever experienced. I have an internet outage business I manage . I will call on a Monday and I am told the earliest they can send someone is Friday, I will take it since I had no other option. No call , No show. When I called again I am told the same thing, same results. To have someone to talk to takes about two hours waiting on phone. It’s over a month now still no internet and no one has come by or called whereas the last Rep I spoke with promised to call and follow up.What a horrible service. I wished I had another service provider in that zip code"
Horrendous. The customer service is inept and rude.
I have been with AT&T for over 12 years.  I recently lost my job due to medical issues and I'm currently going through chemo.  So I have been making payment arrangements so I paid my past due bill of 290.00 and they advise me I had to make another payment of 234.00 by Dec 14 and can't assist me with a extension.  I understand that there running a business but if I'm loyal to you why kick me while I'm down. I have other bills with no income.  I'm so disgusted with this company.
"I've been using, or trying to, use Vodafone mobile data for almost a year now and I have to say it's pretty pathetic.I'm sitting in a park very near to Huddersfield town centre and whilst I have a good strong signal my speed is between 0.1 and 0.2mbps.A joke really and this is not unusual..."
"I ordered AT&T Internet Air for business with static IPs, but the device they sent lacked the static IP information I needed. The saleswoman who sold me the service was unhelpful after making the sale, directing me to call the 800 customer support number instead. After making more than 20 calls, I finally found someone who could assist, but they told me to return the device and suggested I call back to cancel the service. After returning the device, I made another 5 more calls before finally reaching the right person to cancel the account. From the time I ordered the service to the time it was canceled, I spent two months, made over 20 calls, wasted more than 10 hours on the phone, and made several trips to AT&T stores. Throughout this ordeal, I was repeatedly transferred to the wrong departments and even hung up on multiple times.AT&T's customer support is chaotic and frustrating. Their representatives are often rude, and the system is disorganized. There are separate departments for residential and business accounts, each offering different services—like phone, TV, fiber internet, U-verse internet, and Internet Air. Each department has its own customer service team, and they can't handle issues outside their specific area. Additionally, AT&T does not provide a clear phone number for specific problems. The general customer service number, 800-331-0500, often leads to dead ends, depending on the representative's knowledge."
I have made atleast 5 long calls. In desperation stopped at different stores at least 5 times and no help getting my visual voice mail. The people on the help line just repeat same stuff everytime that does not work. On 2nd call right now for today supposedly getting manager ...still on hold.. if this call sucks like the rest then I'm going across street to at &t..okay call just hung up. I'm done .
"Moved house, told it would be fine and all set up. 3 days later after activation date I have no internet and every advisor I speak to has a different excuse why and tells me to wait and it will come on. I haven't been able to work and have lost money because of this, apology offer from Vodafone for 2 days lost income and no internet with no end in sight? £6. AVOID!"
"Service not that bad. Rates ok!! T-mobile store in white lake. Most time you go in there. People that work there. Don't know jack-s...! So call customer service.  To order a new phone.. They sent me a refurbish.. with no power cord... No, they tell me that.I can use my warranty.You'll have to pay fifty bucks.. laugh my ass off. What a f......! Joke. Never again"
"Do not use these people! They of all cellular companies are the worst by far! The give you a billing date that means nothing to them if you have autopay. They claim autopay gives them the right to debit the payment 3-5 days before the due date . Why have a due date? Why not 3-5 days after the due date? They are desperate people . They will even charge you 10.00 to take the payment over the phone a day early! Their contract and word is worth nothing , just a company run by losers."
"My wife and I researched the Website for The Lodge at Sedona  prior to our reservation. Cuisine listed 4 choices for breakfast 24 hour coffee and evening horsd'oeuvresWe had to prepay for 3 nights beginning June 17 2024 Upon arrival were told that,that was  their  old  Website and no longer available. They  told us we must have been looking at a different WebsiteI showed  them their Website and they said they were not going to change it. This is  Deceptive Advertising."
"Once again the issue continues. I have been disconnected without me requesting it and on the reconnection date it did not happen. I called and could not get through and sent an email of complaint but no response. I have now received a bill for a months worth of charges and I have not been able to use this service since July. Refund my bill and compensation is required. As they have broken my contract by disconnecting my service the. This contract is now ceased. DO NOT USE this service! In response to Vodafone’s reply, I have tried this."
"So this is a bit of a long story that goes back to Dec 2023 when I entered the Swindon branch and took out a new airtime deal that was on a promotional offer for £33 a month reduced by 50% to £16.50 for the first 6 months. The sale advisor at the time confirmed that after the initial 6 months I will be able to cancel or switch to a cheaper deal. So once the 6 months almost elapsed and I received a notification that the 50% discount was ending I went back to the same store to cancel the deal only to be presented with a very rude and uninterested staff member telling me that cancellation is not possible, this was in spite of me explaining (sadly nothing on paper or recorded) the conversation with his colleague 6 months ago. At this point feeling so cheated I left the store and put this behind as a bad experience wishing I had kept record of the promise made to me in an email.Forwarding to the 30th Oct 2024, I went to the Bath branch to enquire about ways to reduce my £33 p/m phone bill and was told by Colin the manager that I could get a trade-in deal for my old phone which was inspected by him in exchange for a new Iphone 16 plan. I proceeded to signing the new contract and a few days later I posted my old phone using the provided packaging by Vodafone. Forwarding a few more days I received an SMS informing me that the old phone will be returned as it was damaged and therefore not suitable for a trade-in. This is the same phone that was insepected by the Manager at the branch when I took out the new contract. As the trade-in price was going to be added to my bill I proceeded to exercise my right to cancel the contract within the 14 days cooling period as suggested by the person on the web chat customer service and to also go back to the Bath store and explain the issue.This is what I did and ended up speaking to another Manager (as Colin with whom I took out the new contract was not there) who logged a formal complaint in the system and told me that someone from Vodafone would call me within 48 hours. As I was expecting this phone call never arrived. So going by all my negative experience with Vodafone, my question is do you incentivise your sales staff to sell contracts at any cost even if it means you make promises without delivering on them and deceive your customers? I shall never give your company anymore business, whether phone or internet."
Don’t touch Vodafone with a barge poll. My so called contract went from £40 to over £150/month - pure daylight robbery! This is nearly surpassed by the sheer incompetence and appalling customer service - which has to be done over Twitter of all things! And after paying extra to terminate my contract before it skyrockets - I can’t get anyone at Vodafone to confirm that my final invoice/payment is actually my last. Seriously stick to SIM only people - these companies can’t be trusted.
"AT&T has been installing fiber in our neighborhood for the past few months. They were at our neighbors and installing service for them. THEY TRENCHED IN OUR YARD AND CUT OUR INTERNET CABLE!! We have Xfinity. I called AT&T and was told they can not come out and fix since it is not their equipment!! WTH!! So now we have no services! NO INTERNET, WI FI, TV, SECURITY CAMERAS!!! I had to take action MYSELF and call Xfinity to set up a tech appointment so they can come out and fix. What type of INCOMPETENT AND CARELESS techs does AT&T have working for them!!!!! And to think, we were considering switching services from Xfinity to AT&T fiber. Hahaha!!"
"I've been a customer for 16 years. I recently switched companies. I canceled my service 3 days before the start of my billing cycle in July. In August, I noticed a charge to my bank account for a full month's service, which was canceled over a month prior. I was told that even though the number had been switched over for 3 days, the account was closed the day that the billing cycle started. How convenient! After spending over 1.5 hours talking to reps, telling me I need to go into a physical location (more inconvenience) for me, they acknowledged that if anything, I should have been billed at a pro-rated rate of just one day.  I disagreed and the supervisor rep finally told me they would credit my account the full payment amount, not even pro-rated. I called my bank and had them halt the payment of the charge because T-Mobile was able to take my money in a day but it would take up to 10 business days to return my money.Fast-forward to a few weeks later, and we get a bill in the mail for the full-amount, plus an additional $30 fee. We called T-Mobile again and had another supervisor waive the entire fee, which was supposed to have been waived a few weeks prior. This time we recorded the call at least.Fast-forward to last night and we got yet another bill in the mail from T-Mobile. Called and they said we had a $0 balance and all was resolved. We chalked it up to the previous call being made after that last bill was sent to us.Today we received a letter from a collections agency from T-Mobile. So in a month and a half of the bill being ""late"" (even though they admitted 2 times being in the wrong), they sent us to collections.I've had perfect credit my entire life, and T-Mobile is trying to do what they can to change that over their mistake. This is how they treated a long-time loyal customer. Disgusting company."
"This place is complete trash. Communication is terrible, and they are ok with employees Lyon to get sales. They will also pay dumb to keep you tied in to miss deadlines and they are never on the same page!"
"Very bad customer service with t mobile And t mobile insurance I Broke  my phone. Try to make a claim for it.Meanwhile, I went to T-Mobile sto.Purchase a cheap phone. That's what they recommend till.I get my new phone that I I'm going to claim And I did not add insurance to the new phone I purchaseTo get by with it till Because I'm a hairdresser.I need my phone Till the insurance Send me new phone. The moment I put on a SIM card on my cheap phone that I bought to get by till I received my other phone that I used what insurance saying That They do not cover it because my SIM card is working on the other phone I bought an automatically. The insurance was moved into it. This is the second phone I lose with T-Mobile and I think they are thieves.They can find the best way to steal your money. I'm disgusted.  How I've been treated today after 2 and a 1/2 hours.Ask me for My Phone gigabytes And the zip code of the store I purchased the phone from which does not Make sense.  very weird.and They make you feel.That you're trying to steal a phone from them Disgusting Liars"
"Don get AT&T!!!I was a Direct TV subscriber.  They constantly try ways to keep raising your rates. On auto pay you dont always notice until its too late.I cancelled my service on a phone call.  Agent told me they would get back to me on whether or not to return equipment.My bad for not checking but after a few months i noticed they where charging my card for several months 134$/ month. I called customer support who told me they could find no record of me cancelling.  I had no way of knowing because I disconnected equipment immediately after stopping service.when I told them that this was creditcard fraud after much discussion and several ""agents"" they reversed charges and money came back to my credit card.Now they are writing me letters threatening collections if I dont pay them back the money again.508$."
"After spending far more time than any customer should have trying to figure out why the ‘Blocked Contacts’ feature on my iPhone is ineffective, I was on another 24-minute call with AT&T’s tech support. This was just the latest in many calls and chat sessions that have gone nowhere. The same issue remains unresolved—and it’s been years.I’m talking about an iPhone 11-Pro I purchased directly from an AT&T store just before COVID-19 hit. So, this problem has been festering for quite a while. Let me get straight to the point: I’m done. I refuse to be your unpaid, unappreciated beta tester. I’m done dealing with spam calls slipping through despite being ‘blocked’ by a feature that should be reliable. But why do ALL blocked numbers ""slip through""?We’re talking about years of this nonsense—years of you pretending that spammers somehow outsmart your technology. Any competent business would have flagged and fixed this issue by now—either out of respect for their customers or to cut costs. Unless the real goal is to keep customers frustrated, waste time on tech support, and eventually push them toward paid “upgrades.” All the while, small business owners like myself bear the cost of wasted time and lost productivity.I decided to test this myself. Following your instructions, I called my cell phone from one of our business lines and blocked the number. The call went straight to voicemail—no ring, no notification. So why doesn’t it work this way for every other blocked caller? Is it that hard to make this technology consistent? Or is it designed to fail?Given AT&T’s resources, I find it hard to believe you can’t solve this. Especially when offering “upgrades” like AT&T Call Protect, AT&T Mobile Security, and AT&T ActiveArmor—each conveniently priced at $3.99 per line per month. I’m old enough to remember when the federal government broke up AT&T’s monopoly. What I see now feels like déjà vu—the same tactics that got you into trouble. And let me assure you, those tactics won’t work in today’s market.I’ve been a loyal customer since the 1970s. Not because you were the cheapest but because you were supposed to be the most reliable. I’ve paid a premium for that reliability—$115 for the remaining two lines, to be exact. But now? I’m looking at $15 per line elsewhere, with service that’s just as good, if not better. And to top it off, I’m sitting here with one bar of signal, practically within arm’s reach of the state Capitol.After decades of loyalty, I’m finished. I won’t keep paying for what I once believed was trust and reliability when it’s clear those values are no longer upheld. I urge others facing similar issues to reconsider their loyalty to AT&T. It’s time to explore more reliable alternatives."
"Shady, shady, shady. They told me in order to get an upgrade (mind you, I haven't upgraded in over 3 years), i need to upgrade my plan - a $24 increase per month. Without doing this, I have to pay $490 for a new phone up front and the rest gets billed monthly. I upgrade my plan,  to then see that now I have to pay $700 upfront and I'm told that's a great deal and perk by tmobile. I have been with them for over 17 years and can do much better with Verizon,  AT&T or spectrum mobile. They didn't want to let me return my plan to what it was before, but was able to finally get them to. I guess tmobile is hurting after that huge law suit they have to pay everybody out over the data beach so to make up for it, they give you misleading information, catchy buzz words and lies to con you into spending evergreen more money on their awful product.Will never trust them again and I'm leaving them after 17 years. (Also now that I'm looking at other carriers, I see average rates for my $100 plan with tmobile ranges anywhere from $50-$80 with other carriers. Wish I left these shady people sooner."
"Was due to move over to Vodafone in beginning of Aug going to full fibre.Turns out my property didn’t already have full fibre as they advised I did when placing order.Not a problem- they got Bt open reach to come out- booked time off work - a sub contractor came but couldn’t do job- he arranged for a proper open reach engineer to attend. (Why they couldn’t of sent someone who could do job in first place was annoying)So they sent someone else round a month & half later as this was next time I could book more time off work,Engineer turned up but only note on his system stated customer had refused work that needed doing!!! - I’m not sure how when I’ve been in contact constantly to get issue resolved. This engineer couldn’t do the work either,He put a duct on and marked up where the work needs doing and said someone would be in contact within 7-10days, - didn’t happen.Throughout this Vodafone customer case managers & now complaints have called but they are a waste of time- all they phone to say is no update we will call you back at later date to see if work has been done!!I had a call of one of these agents other day who just said open reach are still having problems I will call you back on 5th nov.In the meantime that morning I got cut off from my old supplier as Vodafone had got open reach to disconnect the old line- Vodafone didn’t even mention this on call.This means I am going to be without any internet for at least two weeks (I no longer have confidence they will even be able to sort it then as they haven’t arranged access with me.Vodafone’s customer service/complaints department is such a disappointment- I need internet for work, tv, heating etc but they are not bothered at all- just say there is a problem with open reach end- it was Vodafone though who arranged for me to be disconnected from old supplier!!I asked if they could provide me with a WiFi mobile dongle so that at least I could have some internet in the house but was told I could go to a Vodafone shop and see if they might offer me a discount on one!! - they just don’t care, wishing I had never moved to Vodafone now- I would swap companies but worried they have messed up lines/fibre so much now that I will end up in worse situation. So upset & annoyed."
"""I have had the absolute worst experience with T-Mobile. Due to their negligence and lack of competent customer service, they wrongfully sent my account to collections! Despite making all payments on time and having no prior issues, they somehow managed to mismanage my account information, leading to unnecessary and undeserved damage to my credit score.When I reached out to their customer service to rectify their mistake, I was met with endless excuses, confusion, and no clear path to a resolution. Instead of taking accountability, their representatives passed me around from department to department with no one willing to fix their mistake. It’s evident that customer care is NOT a priority for T-Mobile.Their incompetence in handling this situation has caused me stress, wasted my time, and left me to deal with the unnecessary burden of clearing my name with the collections agency. I trusted T-Mobile with my service and they completely let me down. If you value your credit and your peace of mind, stay far away from T-Mobile!"""
"T-Mobile is dishonest and disgusting. My problems are twofold. Since the beginning on 2024, I had three warranty exchanges of my Samsung S22 handset. With each warranty exchange, T-Mobile sent a LOCKED device although my initial phone was unlocked. Calling customer service is useless as there is no resolution despite the seemingly understanding attitude from representatives who are not allowed to deviate from the script. Among the various answers for receipt of a locked phone were the exchanged phone must be on the account 90 days. Parenthetically, I paid a fee on each exchange although I was replacing a defective phone T-Mobile sent me less than one month prior.  The second issue that occurred twice involves T-Mobile stating they did not receive the damaged phone and then billing a $1500 no-return fee. In each instance, T-Mobile eventually found the phone the returned - one month later - stating the wrong IMEI was keyed in when received at their warehouse. Twice?? It seems T-Mobile has internal theft problem and would rather pass the expense onto the consumer rather than clean their house."
I'm a new customer just over the 30 day period.  A recent outage resulted is us not being able to access concert tickets on our phones. So we couldn't after tickets purchased.   After outage I still had phone issues that started prior to the outage unresolved.  I spent hours on the phone with multiple people.   Once resolved all that was offered was a 5.00 outage credit. Not even close to what I'm out for 2 concert tickets.  A manager still would not budge.  I will never recommend the service and when I transfer service I will not accept being charged for an unreliable service 😑.  I have never been treated so poorly.  Even reached out to our sales rep who was great upon the sale and kind at first.  Then tells me to change providers.  And he no longer works there.
I broke my phone and was convinced to upgrade to a post pay plan from my prepaid. The phone I got didn’t work and caused nothing but problems. My prepaid bill can put the 13th of the month and was charged. Then the charged me to upgrade which had for less than a day because I couldn’t get the phone to work. They said they switched everything back the way it was but kept getting wired messages from them about stuff that I have never had so I called to ask and sure asI was still on the post paid. To switch it back the charged me anothermonth on top of the stupid restocking fee of damn near everything I spent. So for this one months worth of service I have now been charged over 300 dollars. Well I am either getting compensation or they lost ola customer for life. This is the worst easy to say thank you for being a customer. Your business is disgustingly corrupt and I will never ever suggest anyone go to att. I would rather communicate by pony express!!!!!!!!!  I am still in disbelief that this also took a hole week of fighting to get my phone back to where it was supposed to be. I am also going to be calling a lawyer and the bbb to report what has happened. And on top of that you whine and cry about my language when you get in your car to go home you music says worse things than I do. Stupid stuff right there
"I've been experiencing some ongoing issues with my phone, and after contacting T-Mobile, I was able to get a replacement device. However, the replacement turned out to be defective as well. I reached out to T-Mobile again, and they provided another replacement, which also had issues. Frustrated with the situation, I decided to file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau (BBB) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to seek assistance in resolving the matter and obtaining a fully functional phone.After filing the complaint, I was contacted by a T-Mobile representative named George, who informed me that the only option available was to provide me with a fifth refurbished phone. When I expressed my concerns and asked why I couldn't receive a new phone given the recurring problems, he mentioned that they didn't have the specific model I had in brand new condition. He also suggested that the only alternative would be for me to purchase a new phone.As a long-standing business customer of T-Mobile for the past eight years, I'm disappointed with the treatment I've received and the inability to resolve this issue in a satisfactory manner."
Worst Broadband I've ever had from any provider for both speed and reliability and dreadful service when trying to sort it.I would avoid them at all costs!Tried all the contacting them things that Vodafone suggest as a reply which is when I received the dreadful service.
"No access to bills, no help, no service at all"
"Had tried contact customer support and technical team several times to reactivate my sim, they just gave ‘empty’ promises. My issue still hadn’t been solved after a week waiting."
"Went into Winchester store today (11/01/2025) shop was empty, first staff member who was on his phone looked up and passed us onto another member of staff as he clearly couldn’t be bothered with us. Second member of staff sat us down, we explained we wanted to upgrade my wife’s phone from an IPhone 6 as we were still paying £41 per month for an old phone, so wanted to upgrade and reduce monthly.  After 10 mins of I don’t know what he was doing, we were told we could get a iPhone 14 for £52 per month…..sorry, did you not hear what we wanted to do? Asked him if there were any other options…..yes, we could get a refurb phone!!!! I have a new iPhone 13 with Tesco mobile with unlimited everything for £30 per month…..  when I said that we would not be doing an upgrade and will therefore be leaving the store AND Vodafone, he shrugged his shoulders, said nothing and we left. No customer service, no smiles, no help in trying to find the right product at the right price….Vodafone, sack them, there are enough people around that would love to work and give a decent experience to your customers.  From a now FORMER Vodafone customer of over 20 years…"
I am so sick of ATT!! I am trying to leave and carry my number over to another carrier. You would not believe the insane difficulty!!! I have been  trying to do this for 3 days now. It is one thing after another. I don't like being held hostage because I decided to leave. Every time I call in I am placed on eternal hold!!!! For the past 3 days call volumes have been high??? and online there is always some mystery number that is missing so that my request can't be completed. I want to SCREAM. Just let me out!!
I was supposed to get a free phone due to a fathers day promotion. I've been paying for the new phone for 4 months now. I've been to the store multiple times and on the phone with customer service. The store tells me to call cust. serv. and cust serv. says to go back to the store. Do not believe any of the so called promotions they offer. I will be changing to verizon or some other carrier soon. I've been trying to resolve this issue for 4 months now. By by At&t.
"I HAVE BEEN WITH ATT SINCE 1998.LAST WEEK I UPGRADED MY WIFE AND DAUGHTER.I WAS GOING TO UPGRADE TOO,BUT THEY DIDNT HAVE THE IPHONE PRO MAX 15 IN STOCK.SO I WAITED AND UNFORTUNATELY ROSECRANS STORE IN HATHORNE.BEFORE I KNEW IT,THIS GUY JORGE ADDED AIR INTERNET AND INSURANCE TO  MY BILL.THE FRAUD DEPT CALLED BACK TO THE STORE,AND SINCE MY 3 CREDIT ANGENCIES ARE BLOCKED,PARTIALLY DUE TO AN ATT SOCIAL SECURITY LEAK.THEY SHUT DOWN THE SALE.I DIDNT EVEN KNOW ABOUT THE AIR INTERNET AND INSURANCE,UNTIL I SAW THE EMAIL.I OBVIOUSLY REFUSED IT.I THEN TRIED SOME CORPORATE STORES AND ON THE PHONE A FEW MORE TIMES,AND STOPPED EVERY TIME.IM TRYING TO9 GET MY WIFE AND DAUGHTER TO BRING BACK THEIR PHONES,SO WE CAN LEAVE ATT AND GO TO T MOBILE.WE STILL HAVE TILL THIS SATURDAY"
"Been a customer for over 5 years with ATT.  There Tv bundles use to be good but last few years the prices have gone up and not to mentioned that every years you will have issues with missing channels due to expired agreements that end up affecting customers.  For the las lot 2 weeks I have not been able to view several college games and other shows and will miss tonight’s NFL Monday night football as well.  Not a happy customer, will be switching providers in the next month."
The data is very slow and they sold me a faulty tablet that they refused to fix very poor customer service. On the clue they have no idea what they are doing and just as clueless in store to.
"The customer service is absolutely awful. It takes hours on the phone to get anywhere with an issue. When we go to our local retail store they won't unlock the door even though the sign says open and we can see a employee inside. We have two other friends that have experienced the same thing. They knocked on the door of store and they just ignored them. Lights on, open sign on, and hours on door are within open hours. Door locked won't help any of us. Its ridiculous"
"I've been with them since August 2023 and this is the third major bad experience of their customer service. I'm reasonably tech savvy and I've had wifi issues with their hubs and extenders before. To be fair things have been going OK for in the past three months. Today all I wanted was to be able get get their ""award winning broadband app"" to connect to the hub. Instead, as a result of speaking to 2 VF reps, I spent spending nearly two hours on the phone whilst my wifi was down between 2.30 and 7.30 pm.  In addition they simply cannot keep a promise on calling me back. The first time I was told to expect someone to call me back within mins 10 mins but no one got back after an hour, within 10-20 mins and waited 36 mins (ok, thats not so bad) and was told to expect a call within an hour and am still waiting (its now 21.15 they should have got back by 19.35 and the lines will be closed!) This is crap customer service!"
"customer service is the worst.  I have been a sprint customer since 1998 then they went to tmobile.Absolutely the worst experience ever.  They said they have no account associated with my phone number, well you take my automatic payment for 25 years.  This was my last draw with them.  And if you call customer service expect a 30 minute wait.  Then they direct you to a store.  Now the acquired another company this is just great, and now try to get someone who speaks the same english you speak."
One star two lmuchlost my dad u not provide me with a service ie Internet after eight weks I'm gonna go to the ombudsman thrñ I get threatened by debt collection I top.myself 9 st Mary's street Ls236bp my adressu a joke
"Beware... This company sold me a contract for 2 years for a phone they told me they were the best coverage for the area I lived in.. Sadly it transpired my property had no coverage with this company, After returning the phone three times. Vodafone informed me I was ""in a contract for 2 years and that was the end of it"". I had no land line this was my only way of communicating with anyone . I spent 11 months knowing I could not call for any emergency service. I moved property . I am not a young person. I had to walk a busy duel track 3 miles for a signal.I came out of contract in September only to experience even more problems . They refused a Pac code  and lied once again.  I waited a further 4 days and a  a very rude exchange on the phone to end the contract, I wasn't even in.. Finally they are gone. No I cant recommend the company, or the service, and sadly no real people work at Vodafone. It is AI only..."
Leaving AT&T they locked my wife's sims card and will not unlock it. New company cannot change. I was on the phone for 4 hours with AT&T couple nights ago no help at all!! I'm at a store and there is nothing they can do. Tried website they gave me but no good says call you new provider. They can't unlock something AT&T did.AT&T is *#%+!!!!
"I have been a customer of Voxi for 4 years. This is day 10 of the ongoing, unresolved issues with mine, my flatmates' and neighbours' Mobile Data with Vodafone/Voxi. I actually tried contacting Vodafone last week (don't attempt - they are useless). I've been in touch with Voxi's disappointing customer services on their website via chat, as well as on their complaints number (+44 808 005 7463 - they actually pick up, worth giving a call!) and have been promised to be contacted by a manager today, which did not happen. The Network Status Checker, so often brought up on here and on other sites and conversations, is useless - apparently, according to the checker, my street in Central London, King's Cross area should have a perfect Mobile Data connection. It's such a joke! I'm extremely dissappointed, frustrated and tired of this situation, but will not stop complaining everywhere I can until my issues have been resolved. Also, I keep being asked to do the same useless tasks over and over again: go to your Settings, restart Mobile Data, check APNs... Never helps, but I keep being bothered with the same instructions. Anyway, as I mentioned yesterday: DO NOT get Vodafone, do NOT get Voxi. You will regret."
"Would give 0 if it was an option! Appalling service all around.Had the broadband service since May, does not work. Vodafone checked and said there was a blocker at my house, they did not know why but that I would need a booster, but they could not send a booster on the £33 month plan I was on. Have been paying £33 per month since May for a service I have not had! Vodafone have now switched me onto another of their plans (same price but speed not as fast?!) and agreed to send a booster, which was supposed to come on Tuesday, said I would need to be in, so I took the day off to stay home, no one came. I contacted Vodafone and they discovered that they had arranged for the item to be delivered to an old address, despite that fact that since May I have always been at my current address, which is where the engineers came, the account is set up at current address and the email confirming about the booster being sent was at my current address, so why it was arranged to old address is anyone’s guess!Vodafone agreed to amend delivery to correct address and agreed to send today. Again had to take day off, waited in, again did not come. 1 hour and 10 minutes on the phone to Vodafone for them to say they don’t know what happened today, and they can’t arrange for it to be delivered today now so will put it in for tomorrow, I explained I can’t take another day off, and I have no confidence it will be delivered anyway. Asked to speak to a manager but they said they can’t put me through to anyone, and would arrange for someone to call me back, but can’t say what time because they said the call will come from Eqypt or India.I can’t leave Vodafone, because I am stuck in a  24 month contract, and I will have to pay for 24 months (because they have just switched my plan) upfront if I leave.Just an appalling service all around, and I am stuck in it!"
"T-Mobile has no competent person to contact if you have any problems with billing (lots) and their changes to business plans.The local T-Mobile offices are not allowed to handle billing/plan changes by TM only the “61” number in the Philippines.You can’t understand the “61” staff and they don’t understand English and our bills keep on going up and up.Our monthly plan should have been about $150 month but because of “61” it is now $344.On of the ladies in our Tempe TM office has a black eye from an irate customer over continued months of excess charges.We finally had to cancel because no one in the USA can help us.We began service with Verizon 1-29-24 for $150.Verizon told us T-Mobile can’t continue billing us after their service was discontinued 1-29-24 but TM did.We received a FINAL Bill in January 2024, which we paid, but new bills keep arriving incl 3-8-24.If T-Mobile just paid their staff a decent wage, the managers could handle billing and plan complaints.The Philippine people are probably paid $2 an hour so they are  angry and revengeful.Just take a fraction on the millions spent in advertising and compensate your American workers to handle disputes.There are over 8 websites with negative reviews regarding T-Mobile  incl the Better Business Bureau.Praying BBB will help us because our only option is to stop paying them and wreck our perfect credit."
"I canceled service in October 2024. I called a few weeks later about a refund of the credit balance on my account. I was told that payment would be returned to my bank account after my final bill was generated on November 2. No refund arrived. It is now November 19 and every time I call, the story flips between ""sending it to your bank"" and ""We're sending you a gift card"". I still have no refund. Today, they told me my balance is zeroed out; there is nothing more they can do for me. No accountability and the left hand has no idea what the right hand is doing."
"I would give them a negative, if I could. Bottom line 20+ yrs as a customer finally moved to T-mobile about a year ago. I cut my bill literally in half. Best decision ever. But AT&T  is not done with me. I tried to turn on one of my old phones. They are trying to get $500 for a watch line which they say has to be turned off separately. The charged me 75 a month for close to 6 mo and included late fees. What a ripoff? Run away, far away from this corrupt company. Never received so much as a notice regarding this."
"ATT phone plan is so hard to squeeze data out of it I can't even watch more than one video a month on my phone. 45 dollars a month should entitle me to more than one TV show. Dont pay the the NFL 15 a month without a Verizon unlimited data phone, ATT just can't handle it...."
Lies lies lies lies. Anything that comes out of their mouth is a lie and hidden fee you won't know about. Was due for an upgrade got a new phone and was told that it was paid off and time for upgrade so I did months later being hit with double charges for my monthly bill and come to find out they're charging me for both phones still that's crazy. Bill was 280 for no reason other then being misinformed
"When someone from a broadband provider says she will call me at a certain time, why oh why do I continue to kid myself that this time will be different…that this time, the adviser will actually call me. I wouldn’t for one nanosecond compare my situation to that of Job, since his was of a much more serious nature, however, I can say that I am undoubtedly one of the most patient, most understanding people you could ever meet. Nonetheless, even my patience has been strung taut by recent experiences.The main reason I switched from TalkTalk to Vodafone was because of the former’s atrocious customer service.Almost 5 weeks into my new contract with Vodafone, I realise that I might as well have stayed where I was. Multiple phone calls and an online chat to resolve what I believe should have been a simple issue, broken promises, and the latest episode where I’ve been waiting for a call today which I’m fairly sure won’t now come.It IS over 3 hours late after all.So, so disappointing AGAIN, but really not very surprising.Of course, something catastrophic may have happened which meant that my call couldn’t take place, but there I go again, still trying to give the benefit of the doubt.If I could score zero I would, but I can’t, so I guess it’ll be 1 star which to be honest, isn’t really deserved.Please, Vodafone, DO NOT ask me to reach out.Just do what you were supposed to do without me having to spend even more of my time on seemingly futile phone calls."
"Broadband constantly getting disconnected, impossible to use, it got disconnected four times in the last couple of months. They don’t send engineers to sort out the problem, tell you to wait for 48 hours, useless."
"Customer service is lacking! I had a surgery, out of work on bedrest for a month. Called to explain to them why my first bill was unpaid. They asked for my bank card to set up a future payment arrangement, but their system doesn’t accept prepaid bank cards. I pay all my bills with my debit card. The next morning they disconnected my service. I will be returning their equipment and will advocate to everyone I meet to not waste their money on such a heartless company. Better off sticking with Verizon, at least they have a heart."
"Switching to T-Mobile was the worst decision I have made in a long time. The single worst customer service I have ever received from any company period. Promised discounts not delivered. Call after call over months ended in repeated broken promises. It was clear that the rep either had no access to the history of previous conversations or did not care to look. Really seems like they have zero idea what they are doing. I’m on my way back to Verizon just as soon as I can get T-Mobile’s incompetent team to process unlocks on my phones. Don’t get lured in by the lower cost. This company is a nightmare to deal with, right down to their cringey fake “we got you” dialogue."
"T-Mobile literally stranded us abroad and proceeded to extort us and lie to us. We upgraded to iPhone15 Pro's and changed our plan with a salesperson in South Florida. We have a second line on our phones which we use when we are in second home in Ecuador. The salesperson said we would simply need to change to an esim to install it. We tried that, but the phones are locked, and T-Mobile does not do temporary unlocks for travel anymore. After calling and working through their process, Janica (a Supervisor), told us if we paid off the phones in full ($2k), she would get them unlocked for us. We did. Seventy-two hours later (the latest she said it would take), they are not unlocked. We cannot access our bank down here without secondary text message on our Ecuadorian line; we cannot access our healthcare plan or communicate with our physicians, etc. A new CS rep said she would put in a request and it would take 24-72 hours more.  Still not done-- T-Mobile's service is reprehensible."
"I am the managing partner of a movie cinema in St. Louis.  We called twice today due to no internet connectivity.  We were told there is an outage and the issue would be corrected by the end of the day.  It's now almost 9:30pm (11.5 hours later) and we still do not have internet connectivity.  As a BUSINESS, we are critically dependent on internet connectivity.  The majority of our ticket sales are generated ONLINE.  We lost a lot of money today due to AT&T's inability to restore connectivity.  I wish I could say this is the first time we had significant issues with AT&T, but it's not.  AT&T is simply not a reliable provider.  Not for business.  Not for residential.  We are likely going to switch to Spectrum."
"Three year business contract, was told it would be 2 years, locked in and no vacation mode, can only suspend service while continuing to pay full price. Verizon offers vacation mode along with everyone else. We’ve had nothing but problems, service never works, no credits given, and are now forced to buy out early and lose our phone numbers that were ours before att. Do not use ATT. The worst 2 years of phone service I’ve ever experienced, and our information was released in their data breach, again with no compensation."
This is about the internet box that's supposed to be the best.(oakhillsCalifornia 92344)..it's not for 8 months I called about once every week to get it working and was replaced 4 times and about 19 techs but the service was never there heard every excuse...they said I will get a full refund but nothing
"I have called this review misery because that is what Vodafone have caused me.  Back in August I entered into a contract with the, for my mobile and internet ready for my move to a new home.  The phone did not arrive as arranged but eventually came a couple of days before the move but without a SIM card. I was left to move house without a working phone and arrived to find I had no Internet access at my new property. I was left for three days with no contact with the outside world and as an older widowed lady this was quite frightening. I had to go into a Vodafone store to resolve the issue with my telephone.Six weeks on and I still do not have Internet at my home address. I moved here so that I could work from home to manage the pain I now have with osteo arthritis. I have spent hours on the phone to Vodafone with no resolution in sight. They blame BT. I have tried contacting BT directly because I’m not their customer. They won’t help me.Vodafone latest act to add to my misery was to send me a device which was meant to give me more data to run items in my home. However, when it was delivered a code was demanded from me and I gave the only code that I have with Vodafone was told this was wrong, and they refused to give me the device. This action reduced me to tears as I truly have had enough of being treated so horribly.Please don’t use this company. They will make your life a misery. They have mine.Please don’t send me your usual contact us on social media as it is simply disingenuous and anyway I do not have any social media accounts and I am not setting one up just for Vodafone .  I just want out.Update.  Just cancelled the contract.  Seems the only sane option."
"This new Big Value Bundle is a rip off. As soon as I topped up my account, I had zero credit remain as the Big Value Bundle converted automatically. I had to call and change, now I have £0 left, Vodafone this is STEALING, please leave customer's money on the account and let the customers DECIDE on their own what bundle they will go for.Very disappointed about your services and I am upset I have chosen Vodafone, will chooase another provider who does not steal from their customers."
The worst worst service that I've ever had that I don't have they can't get it right they keep milling me for something that already straightened out when I finally got to talk to American English they sent me another one the lady I talk to you says they don't keep history of the last calls which I know they do I don't owe them anything I haven't had AT&t in 3 months
"Absolute WORST coverage and WORST service EVER!! AVOID AVOID AVOID!! Regrettably we believed the promises of superiority. LIES. It was ALL LIES! We were also told we had 90 days to drop if we weren't satisfied. Sure, they'll ""let"" you drop, but it will cost dearly. In the mean time we have ZERO cell service in the middle of the biggest business district in the state, with work that can't happen without constant phone use."
"For years second time in less than a month my internet service has failed. Yesterday afternoon, July 17 my home Wi-Fi, (29512) AT&T internet air stopped working.  Their app said service would be restored by 2 am central time. This morning the app claims it will be restored within 24 hours. It hard to see how AT&T takes the needs of their customers seriously in providing such unreliable and inconsistent information. It is suggested that the review should be helpful - do your job."
"I paid for insurance on my two phone lines. Been with the company 32 years. Cracked my screen, went to the T mobile store on Ann Arbor rd in Plymouth  mi, and was refused any kind of assistance or re -imbursment for my damaged phone. The screen repair was supposed to be covered with a co-pay. They said no, gave me a card for a generic repair place 20 minutes away. 300 dollars later I had a new screen. Don't get suckered into paying for something that they will not honor. Don't get the protection plan. I'm sorry I did."
"Since I bought AT&T I have had hundreds of problems with overcharges, they remove and add charges as they pleaseThe worst option is to acquire a contract for 3 years, those are three years that you will constantly be fighting for additional charges"
"Mobiles.co Were greatUnfortunately the Vodafone airtime contract wasn't.Vodafone refused to let me carry my old 2 year Vodafone contract number, this despite the old two year contract ending.They said that as I had got my Phone and contract from a third party and not.Vodafone directly they refused to allow me to keep my Number.When I rung Vodafone they said that had I bought the phone from them there would have been no issue and the number would have been ported in a couple of days, seems like Bullying to me.However and of course the same phone from Vodafone was 8 pound a month more expensive disgusting treatment from Vodafone.Needless to say I cancelled both contracts on the spot.Mobiles .co were Brilliant, Vodafone are tripe.."
I have a problem with my phone I called  and was on hold for 1 hour then put on hold again for 45 minutes for them to transfer me! Then on hold off and on for the next hour while they ran test on my phone.  This is all after they told me to go to Apple Store the day before.. so it’s been 2 long days I have been dealing with this phone issue.. and my phone is still NOT fixed! Terrible customer service!!!
"Extremely Disappointing Experience – Avoid This CompanyI had a terrible experience with this company. They incorrectly placed defaults on my credit file, even though my account was in credit. Although CEDR partially agreed with me, Vodafone failed to properly document key information, which contributed to the issue. Despite this, they have refused to fully correct their mistake. Their customer service has been unhelpful, repeatedly fobbing me off instead of providing a solution.The stress they’ve caused me is overwhelming, and I would never recommend their services to anyone. If you’re looking for a reliable and honest company, I strongly advise looking elsewhere. Save yourself the hassle and avoid these crooks at all costs!"
"I've been a Vodafone customer for a while - I've always found the technology reliable.But - I've recently been charged each month £7-£10 more than my monthly bill should be.As online access to my statement is not currently available, I decided to call the Help number (44555) stated on the email telling me my bill was ready to find out why.I got through very quickly - only to hear a recorded message telling me that in fact the service promoted on the email they sent to me is no longer available and I should try the online FAQs - unsurprisingly these generic answers do not answer my specific question.Slightly exasperated, I looked for detail on how to make a complaint. I saw on the relevant link  that i could phone 191. It being Sunday afternoon I called the number on the website because it said that ""Our phone lines are open Monday to Friday, 8am to 10pm and Saturday to Sunday, 8am to 8pm"".I got through very quickly - only to hear a recorded message telling me that in fact the service promoted is only available Mon - Fri 9.00am - 5.30pm.Im still none the wiser about my monthly charges and disappointed and unimpressed at the apparently cavalier approach Vodafone have to customer service."
"T-Mobile should not be trusted. While I was excited to transfer from Verizon to T-Mobile because of all the benefits and credits that I would receive, it seems that they lie and will bait you to switch and state you do not qualify for the promotions they explicitly state you will receive. I have never had a phone carrier to lie just to get you to switch from another carrier. Should have just stayed with Verizon or considered AT&T. I was told that I would receive a port-in credit which at the time that I was told, the promotion was already expired but this is what the representative sold me on in order to switch carriers, in addition the T-Mobile Representative sent me the required forms to submit to receive the credit, even offered tips on how to submit them successfully. While the promotion was being processed I called multiple times for status updates and the representative assured me that I would receive the credit, just give it time to process. Later, that promotion was denied due to it being out of the promotion period. Yes, this is an error on that T-Mobile representative's part, which the T-Mobile Care Team acknowledged, however, they do nothing to honor this."
"Just a terrible company! Rejecting an application for not meeting the ""criteria"" yet refusing to state the criteria required. I have a stable job, great credit score, good income. It seems like what you are actually saying is ""Oops, you found a deal which is too good value, our mistake. We can't allow you to have it, let's reject your application and mess up your credit score"". Joke of a company. I will be going to the Ombudsman as this is ridiculous to reject someone and not tell them despite their credit score and credit limit being extremely good, never missed a single payment in my life, always pay in full. Just ridiculous."
My bill is over a hundred dollars a month and they always have Internet outages and will only give you six dollars off your bill for waiting days to get your service back up and running I am currently looking for another provider because it's summer and my kids are very upset worst service ever
This is the worst cellphone company I have ever had. They are so expensive and lie constantly.
"ONE OF THE MOST RUBBISH SERVICE I EVER GET, AS THEY CANT PROVIDE SERVICE ON MY NEW ADDRESS THEY TOLD ME TO TERMINATE THE CONTRACT AND SAID WE NOT CHARGING YOU FOR TERMINATION CHARGES, HOW SOMEONE CAN BELIEVE THAT THEY WAVING OFF TERMINATION CHARGES. NOW I CANT SEE IN MY ACCOUNT FOR ANY UPDATION AS THEY ALREADY DISCONNECT MY ACCOUNT AND WHEN I CALL THEM BACK TO GET ANY UPDATE THEY SAID THEY CANT UPDATE ME AS MY FINAL BILL ISNT GENERATED. I ASKED TO RAISE A COMPLAINT WHICH WAS DENIED OVER THE PHONE REASONING THEY CANT DO IT AND TOLD YOU WILL GET A CALL TO REGISTER WHICH I NEVER RECEIVED."
"Vodafone Broadband service absolutely useless. Broadband not working for last 3 days. Vodafone promised ,engineer will attend to fix the issue for last 3 days. I called vodafone customer care every day multiple times, no concrete response. No solution yet, Vodafone customer care is not proactive, customer care team don’t want to escalate, as if there are managers to listen to customers & customer care says managers can’t help to resolve issues. Vodafone customer care is utterly useless, not efficient, service is worst I have ever seen."
Avoid ATT. They have zero service support. You will only get frustrated with recordings that go around in circle. My account was locked out on weekend and ATT would only answer the phone on business hours Monday -Friday!
Been on hold for almost 2.5 hours to get help with network issues that have been happening for a month now.  I have been a customer for well over a decade and this is going to be the last straw
"I went with T-Mobile over 20 years ago, back when their signal was crappy at best and everybody had Verizon. I loyally hung in there, now they have grown and have a good signal.  My issue is, after all these years, I CAN NOT get a free phone if my life depended on it. I have tried MANY times, spent hours on the phone with them. I see all these free phone offers for new customers, but not for me. I'd have to change my plan to a much more expensive one AND trade my phones, ( I have 4 lines). Amazingly none of my phones qualify for trade either. (go figure, they're old). I have the plan I can afford and will not change my plan to get free phones. I believe T-Mobiles goal is to get me to switch to a expensive plan so I can get a new phone, they are playing dirty. I am looking at other carriers now, they may be more but they'll give you a new phone, so it evens out. 24 years with them and that's my reward??? Shame on them!Thanks for NOTHING!!Go somewhere else for your service, because once you're their customer they treat you like crap and take you for granted."
"MediaRelations@tmobilecommike.sievert@tmobilecom -EMAILS THAT DONT WORK !! SCAM Trying to get help n no one is respondingSecond this that happened:Good Evening ,I would like to address fraudulent activities going on with Assurant claim department they posted a bill of 582$ on my account for a phone that was returned to the warehouse on January 8th . I have attached the Tarcking number and Date of delivery  and Person that signed for it .Now of April 6th they cahrge us the 582$ for a phone that was deliveredT-Mobile  now cut off our phones claiming we haven't  paid the bill but i paid 300$ for our bill but assurant decided they can post  a bill on our account and take the 300$ to cover a charge  for a phone that was returned  to them n signed for .This is absurd  i need a resolution  in atleast 48 hours i can't  pay for a phone thats not working and Assurant should stop stealing from people's  accountsToday April 10th Tmobile said we had to add another 176$ for them not to cut our lines off and also Assurant Jorge Morales Supervisor who was so rude and unprofessional  was called to ask about the  credit that was supposed  to post 10days after i called beginning  of last week  but now our service  was going to be disconnected again by T-Mobile because of Assurant ignorance and fraudulent  activity.I had recorded calls from Assurant and T mobile automatically .I dont understand  why Jorge ( The same guy that received the phone at the warehouse) and his team are also lying to customers  about the timeline that issue are supposed to be resolved  contrary to what T- Mobile says that it will take 2 billing cycles for the credit to post or and the charge to be taken out of the account .Assurant  needs stop  being dishonest and rude and fraudulent at this point , and this looks bad on T-Mobile brand coz i this will also be advised to other T-Mobile customers online via social  media.This is ridiculous  and unacceptable  since now our account reflects  718$ that we dont owe !Still today June 6th this issue is still not resolved  and we still getting charged  300+ over our regular bill !!!"
bad installers
"Promise one phone send a different.  Contract says one thing and they send something else, then deny the facts. So disrespectful.  Three members of staff confirmed the phone doesn't match the contract including the branch manager. But then send the big guns to deny and lie totally ignore facts. No interest in resolving problem.Even the branch manager agreed it was wrong and refused to rectify as in his words I don't trust them. I've only been a Vodafone customer for 26years, never defaulted. But this is typical of such large companies they don't care or respect loyalty.Having researched Vodafone it appears they often mislead people to sign then up.I really do question there 4+ stars when 35% give ONE STAR reviews.AVOID"
"This is the absolute worst phone company I have ever tried. Lied to me about what my monthly charge would be.I ended up paying 341.00 a month for two phones and a tablet, After being told , it was gonna be about 206. Service was Not great and there was a lot of hidden fees Like The one they Charged Me on my first bill for a hundred and fifty dollars stating it was extra time on my phone plan since I started my plan Before a monthly cycle I would not recommend this company to my enemy"
"T Mobile updated their Voice Mail application, and it is no longer accessible.  Called the help desk, and they didn’t know what to do either.  The T Mobile new voice mail application used to work fine, however the new application is broken, and their folks do not know how to fix it yet."
"I am so thoroughly disappointed in T-Mobile right now. I used to be a proud T-Mobile customer and have even referred people to them in the past, but my experiences with them of late have been downright inane.I've paid the same balance with them three times: they didn't apply my first payment (even though it showed up in my bank account) so they sent me to collections; when I tried clear up the issue, I ended up paying the amount again. Then T-Mobile sent me to collections AGAIN and when I tried to prove once more that this was paid, the debt collector sided with T-Mobile and I ended up paying again.NOW, T-Mobile has sent me to a debt collector for the same balance AGAIN! And because I don't have my six digit code (on an account that's been closed for two years) T-Mobile can't help me over the phone. So, to get this thing cleared up AGAIN I have to go into a store - where the wait can be anywhere up to an hour or more - in order to get this thing resolved. I am not paying this for a fourth time and it irritates me that this keeps happening.I will not be referring people to T-Mobile anymore nor will I be a customer of theirs again."
I am with vodafone for long time.I wanna an upgrade to my phone contact to ipone pro max 16.So i called the customer service and tried to get deal. So we amost done with the deal.But before i sign the contract i find out they add something which they didn’t discuss with me. So it’s basically the put me phone deal for 36 months £35 months which cost me £1260 and sim deal for 24 months with £10.I am paying basically £45 for monthly..The worst part is they didn’t tell me phone contacts for 36 months..even they include my old phone trade in but still i have to pay £1260 for phone where same phone i can get from apple store for £1199. £1260 including my old phone trade in cost £170 if i buy with apple they trading with my old phone for £90 and cost is down £1109. Huge difference. My only concern is they never mentioned about 36 months contract. It is misleading and waste of time for me as i have to with them almost an hour.And finally I cancelled my contract..Its not acceptable at all.Thanks
"ATT decided to raise their rates due to ""global Inflation"" as the customer service reps indicated. I changed my autopay to bank account in order to get my internet price to what I was originally billed for but it kept defaulting to my credit card info for autopay. I called ATT but the customer service rep refused to help me. He said he couldn't change the bill to my original price even though I changed my autopay to my bank account. I'm not sure how he couldn't help, or maybe he didn't want to help but I ended up cancelling ATT once my current billing cycle is over. I'm switching to Xfinity for $30/month for 2 years as I only use internet for surfing the web and for sending emails. ATT sucks big time. They keep raising prices while other competitors like Xfinity has promotions all the time. At least Xfinity wants to secure new clients for their business. ATT has no desire to keep their existing customer base. Raising prices isn't helping their business at all."
I got a bill said I had 9.50 refund no money I call them said can't get in account without pin I don't know they got into it when I owed them CHICKEN crap BUNCH
"Bad bad experience bad bad customer serviceIs insane I don’t know cry or laugh!!!Get a promotional 50% Father’s Day and now charge me whole 100% so my advice is never never get a promotional from att, plus every month increase charges and you can try to call and call but nothing, now I try to go out of this nightmare!!!!"
"Appalling service trying to get my broadband fixed. The staff have shown themselves to be incompetent and think doing a reset every time they ask will fix the issue. Even worse is that they tried getting me to put different wires into ports which cannot even accommodate them! They have no clue what they are doing.They stated that there was nothing wrong with my line for the first 2 days of dealing with them when they did their tests before eventually doing a u-turn and saying there was a fault. By the time an engineer visits it will be a week without internet after messing me about making claims there was nothing wrong. I have lost count how many times I was asked to turn it off/on again, do a reset, use the test socket etc etc.Avoid them. I will not even been receiving adequate compensation for their appaling service and I cannot wait for this contract to end. This company is vile.UPDATED REVIEWVodafone purposely turned off our internet to play games with us and pretended there was a problem for 2 days. They claimed there was no fault with our line several times and told told us repeatedly to turn our router off/on again and reset it in numerous ways (with or without using the test socket), and more worryingly expected us to put random cables into ports which obviously cannot accommodate them.It was then sent to their so-called HBB Xpert team who, unsurprisingly told us there was no fault with our line and to reset the router AGAIN! After having to call them back to state yet again with have no internet and make it clear I was getting fed up by their appalling service I was then told we had a fault with our line in complete contradiction to what everyone else had said and that an engineer was required which would result in nearly a week without internet by the time the appointment would have come. I called them out for their diabolical service as this was starting to take the mick and made by feelings about them very clear.Five minutes after a very rude phone call towards them the internet started working. No fault on the line after all then? Very convenient that it starts working IMMEDIATELY after that phone call. Unethical business and manipulative behaviour!"
"Awful! Don't even bother visiting. It needs shutting down. No staff, no customer service.Wasted my Saturday afternoon driving 45 mins there, 45mins back as it is the closest one to me, paid for parking and walked to the shop. All I wanted to do is return my old broadband dongle which vodafone told me to do since upgrading my broadband with them or they would charge me £40 if not done within 30days.no option to post this which I think is terrible but that's another story. When arrived the guy on the front deskbwith glasses on said if I take a seat they would be with me 10-20mins. They literally left me sat in a corner of the shop for nearly two hours. An Asian guy to be fair was seeing to a customer and was doing his job. The white guy with glasses on was sat chatting about park life festival and oasis gigs he's been to to another customer instead of delivering customer service. Coming up to 2 hours of waiting and could clearly see he was just chatting rubbish the full time I was in there I asked him can I leave the dongle with him as my parking ticket was running out. He said he can't as I have to be there with some IMEI number. I gave him this and then he started saying the system was down and I should go back another day when they're less busy!!!??? Absolutely awful. I work in customer service for British gas and there is no way this is an acceptable way to treat customers. He then told me to ring 191 when I was leaving. Don't worry pal I will be doing......and complaining about you and your awful service!!!just waiting for them to charge me £40 now for not returning the dongle which they have refused to take off me in store and given me no other way of returning it. If and when they do I will be reporting them to the FSA as I do wonder how many other customers are being charged these fees for not returning equipment they're unable to return due to Vodafone's terrible customer service. I suspect they're making a lot of money out of this and it needs investigating."
"Zero stars if permitted by Trustpilot. I had been with T-Mobile when it was a very good cellular service provider. Since the gotcha notification of the price increase a few months ago, T-Mobile service has plummeted. They are now as bad or worse than AT&T, Comcast, Zoom and the long list of corporations with dismal reputations for customer care. Long hold times to reach a T-Mobile support agent are now standard operating procedure. As I am writing this review I have been on hold for over 1 hour and 24 minutes to reach a tech support agent. This is unacceptable. No one from T-Mobile is attempting to remedy the long hold times. Anyone who selects T-Mobile as their cellular phone service provider should be examined for neurological damage."
An absolute disgrace.  I have been charged a late payment fee that they refuse to refund after I was sent what appeared to be a fraudulent text.Vodafone confirmed it was not them and so I cancelled my direct debit and set up again just in case.Vodafone now say it was them and they apologised for their mistake but the refuse to refund.I’m also told I cannot complain because their Ask Once service is only in a trial phase and so there is nothing they can do.As always a dreadful experience with a company who cares about one thing and it isn’t customers.
"AT&T customer service is the worst in the world. Crazy security validation, very long wait before speaking to someone and the rep is completely useless, unable to provide services or done anything right. Extremely frustrating calling their customer service. I have avoid calling them at cost except emergency issues. Worst in the world."
"I’ve been without cell coverage for three days, and it’s caused disruption. On Friday, I tried to SMS a charity donation (Children in Need), conduct online banking, and work on a website for my business, all of which relied on SMS for verification. I couldn’t do any of it.When I tried to log into my Vodafone account for help, the platform needed to send me an SMS for verification—ironic, given the situation. I called the support line, and after some back and forth, the customer service agent initially suspected a failed SIM. I had to suggest checking network coverage, which they did, only to confirm that this was the issue.I politely shared my frustration and asked if any compensation would be considered for the undelivered service I paid for and didn’t receive. The agent suggested I call back again later as they didn’t have any mechanism to call me.It’s disappointing that Vodafone, as a leading provider, lacks minimum viable support or compensation processes for situations like this. Losing service for days is frustrating enough without needing to chase them for updates or resolutions."
"Forever disappointed! Stay away from this company! Bunch of unprofessional liars !We’ve had sooo many issues with this company.First we opened an account with 7 devices attached to it. (A whole different story down there too)After we moved we’ve placed a Fiber home internet and everyone promised we will have $35 per month cause we have this another account with the company.But no. We’ve been receiving 4 months continuously $60 and every time I’ve called and asked why, they have been lying to me and saying that it is just first 3 months cycle and then, we will be paying less minus deduction for the overpaid first months.Now, I’m calling for our 5th month, and they are saying “oh no sorry that my other colleagues gave you false promises, your account is not eligible for this $35 per month because your other account is a business account and not a personal one.”))I’m tired . Tired of US ripping off their residents, lying for $ .And I’m not rasist but when you hire half of India or Pakistan , you at least have to educate them and explain how the business works before putting them on the phone like monkeys with fake names ."
"Recently switched my service from Verizon to T-Mobile. I called & got prices on phones / plans, etc. I asked specific questions & made very notes on what I was told. 3 phones were supposed to be $0 per month after credit (get an Iphone on us!) Asked several times, so..what is the monthly credit on each bill? $34.59 each month for 3 dif lines for a total due of $0; one other line was supposed to be credited at $16.67 per month for a total due of $17.92. Basically a total of $17.92 due for 4 lines. When the bill comes due, its actually $47.51 for 4 lines of equipment. Im told no one can fix it. I have made numerous calls, talked to a 'supervisor' and 'Ass. Coach' and still told no one can fix it. Now they have my trade-in phones that were all good and paid for."
"Vodafone's broadband is inhumanly emphasised terms. You have to tell them 30 days before your termination needs and you will lose the £150 upfront fee if you don't return it within 14 days of purchasing their broadband, it's simply robbery. If you buy this broadband on the 1st of January and tell them on the 14th that you want to cancel, they will stop on the 14th of February and charge you 150 pounds of upfront cost and the cost from the 1st of January to the 14th of February. As a Vodafone customer for six years, unbelievable money-grabbing behaviour! Will not be buying anything from Vodafone in the future and will be telling everyone around me not to go for anything from Vodafone.On January 4th, 2025, I recently received a response from Vodafone, and I was taken aback by their statement about their ability to refund the upfront cost. On the 3rd of January, I enquired with Vodafone's online customer service, and your billing team firmly informed me that they could not refund the 150 pounds. Now, they are claiming that they can. Are you misleading your customers? I received your parcel on December 20, and I cancelled it on January 3. You have charged me over 200 pounds for the 14 days of borrowing time. I enquired with your customer service about the possibility of receiving a refund for the upfront costs if I returned the broadband to your branch on the 4th of January. However, your representative informed me they would not refund a single cent. Is the way you intend to profit from the customers?  I will go to the Vodafone branch to return the broadband in person and keep updating the details of the chargebacks."
ATT deserves no stars!!! They prey on the elderly coming into their homes talking them into cutting their land lines and going to a cell phone. Which they already have!!!! But they convinced them they are saving money 😳 Now it going to cost 1000.00 to get out of this mess!!! Horrible heartless phone service people!!! 🤬
"Zero star for vodafone broadband! This is really the worst service I've ever experienced and customer service is shocking! If you need broadband AVOID. Continue to connect to you are you joking, I've tried 3 times!!"
ATT’s coverage and service are horrible! Don’t listen to their reps. They will tell you that you have strong coverage just to get the sale.
"Avoid at all costs. If I could give zero stars I would! I called to confirm my installation for tomorrow to be advised that I failed my credit check. I have NEVER even been late on any payments nor missed a payment for anything. I have received my confirmation email from vodafone thanking me for my order, email confirming date and time of installation, contractinformation, account set up confirmation. They claim they sent a text and email advising that the credit check failed but these have not been received. When I asked them to confirm the number and email address they were sent to they would only say the ones on the account.I raised a complaint and received a call. The advisor gave no further information  regarding what has gone wrong. I have completed a credit check appeal via their website as advised but even if (when) it comes back as an error, I will be refused vodafone for 3 months!Don't waste your time, take your custom elsewhere."
I just bought a mobile WiFi router. Don't ever buy one.I am unable to set it up. The required password information is written with a load of other information in very small font (snoutb2point) in an area the size of a postage stamp (3 x 2cm)The card that this sticker is stuck to is about 6 x 8cm and the back is empty. Vodafone could print the password on the blank side on normal sized font (12pt) which would enable the mobile WiFi to be set up properly.I thought that I entered the password correctly but I haven't. I may have entered the wrong password (there are 2 with no explanation)I unable to retry the password as I can't find out how to do it in windows as there is no internet connection.I am angry because I can't read the passwords due to their very small size and I can't connect to the internet.I can't get a refund either because I have opened and used the router and SIM card.I will now have to take Vodafone to court as I believe that it is their fault as the provided information is printed in a minuscule font.I bought the router from Argos.
"Twice recently I’ve tried to upgraded and both times I’ve been on the phone what seems like forever and never got even a price because they don’t know there stuff, good god how are they still in business, EE here I come after 20 years of being loyal"
"When I first got service with AT&T 2 years ago I had no issues. Recently they said they were going up on prices (a rep told me because of inflation) and since then my wireless and internet are useless. I don’t get phone service in the same areas, several dead spots, and the WiFi is basically to watch tv, nothing else. And they’ve told me I have the fastest package they offer in my area. Don’t recommend."
"I tried to renew by broadband / landline , to a better deal after vodaphone had hiked up the charges after years of being a customer and my circumstances had changed after my wife’s accident she had become totally disabled, at first 3rd October a representative of the company said they can offer a better deal and we would be put on it with a 24month contract, several months latter I found this had just not happened , I called again they said I should have been put on it and they have a record of it and they will put me on the new deal now ( perhaps a Indian call Center where I feel sorry for the staff who had limited English language skills more staff training is required)  , but I will loose out financially from October the 3rd until now . I’ve just found out this had still not been resolved, I’m still paying the high rate , This is basically fraud on vodaphone part , I’d recommend anyone reading this to avoid vodaphone as there customer service is none existent, there’s no complaints E mail mail !! And the only customer service I’m getting now is a useless chat Bot . The only way to complain is post !!! So please Guys if you are reading this and you are thinking of switching to vodaphone as a broadband provider think again , it’s not worth the hassle, !I’m going to have another few hours of my time wasted by them today , but ultimately the I suspect the final solution is to change providers.One very disappointed customer,James Thompson"
"Poor customer service. Good luck trying to get things rectified. I have had an issue for the last 3 months and it still isn't sorted. Every time I contact them, I waste over an hour explaining the same thing for it not to be done. Still being billed for something I don't have!"
"We switched to Tmobile in Aug 2023 and wanted to love it.  Unfortunately, we felt misled at best and tricked at worst.  Now we are stuck for 2 years.1.  We were quoted a plan price (written down by sales salesperson).  We got a text saying sign up for automatic payments and you will get another $5 discount per line.  Come to find out, if we did not sign up for auto-payment it would cost more. No discount there. Bait and Switch.2. One line could not be activated the first day we purchased the other two phones.  Based on sales rep advice, we activated the line and they would roll the activated number to an actual new phone the following weekend.  We were charged for 2 activation fees.3.  The quoted price for the phones we traded in was inaccurate - to the tune of $400 less than quoted.4.  The customer service rep was very rude when we tried to understand what was going on and he basically said we should have known what the phone was worth and that when the phone was sent in, someone made the decision.  (We can understand if it was broken or water damaged of course the value should be reduced, but really if your employees do not know the value of a phone or mislead, or lie about the value, isn't that on the company??5.  Coverage across rural SD and MN is not good.  Dropped calls several times over the miles.6.  So after month 2 bill, the cost is much higher than expected.  Oh yes and be sure your tech skills are strong as you will have to navigate their website and the app."
I started using AT&T prepaid a few months ago and it is the worst service I have ever used. I have to change. Logging in to pay is so ridiculous due to the switching between code and password and due to pw requirements. They try to force you to pay without signing in. There is no way to see payment history. My own mother can't even call. Customer service is terrible. Now i have to change providers AGAIN because of the issues.
"Absolute rubbish, now have no WiFi, TV or landline phone, moved over from sky, what a mistake, router on constant flashing red, contacted Vodafone, said it's activated, went through all set up, reset etc, still nothing, now said will take up to midnight to activate even though they said its activated, total pile of bull, it did come on for about 10 seconds, then went back off, said router configuration was wrong, so they reset it, again reset router, checked cables etc, all correctly connected, asked if I could do a video call of router set up & said they would send a link, said yes, law & behold no link sent, said there was a problem with sending a link, total rubbish, they need to get there fingers out, service absolutely atrocious, tried also to sign up to the Vodafone app, guess what? Can't even do that, as soon as I try to register it locks me out, tried that god knows how many times!!!"
They are so f* expensive!!! Service F** suck and I’m not paying my bill nomore! I just got a phone from metro PCs .. their service is fast and $58 a month unlimited.. AT&T is a scam I’m done
At&t refuses to unlock my phone that  i own and tried to extort me for 6 more months of service to unlock.  This is grand larceny.  Extortion scheme.  And overpriced garbage service.  Youre welcome.
On hold waiting to speak to a representative about voicemail issues for over an hour. Finally hung up!! Was told expected wait time would be 20 minutes.  Guess you were a tad off!! DO BETTER!!!!!
Me and my father have tried to get a phone hooked up and The have continuously made it more difficult to hook up 1 Phone we had already set up a account with them for a new phone of mine. They then charged us for trying to activate said phone. When testing the phone to see if it worked; it would not work. Trying to work with them has been a big pain in the ass.
"The WORST customer services EVER. I haven't had Internet for 6 days, they don't know when it will be fixed. They told me to be home for the engineer which didn't arrive. Then they tell me that I did not need to be home. Have taken the afternoon off at a loss of 160 dollars for no reason. Their response was oh I am sorry. No offer of compensation for their incompetence or lack of correspondence."
"Call to get a $7 late fee removed .because there was a discrepancy in the payment last month. and I have never been late been with the company for 12 years,and they would not do it I do not recommend this company at all"
A door to door sales rep sold me on the promise of a much cheaper monthly rate than our current carrier. We’d be saving $55/mo — turns out she gave me “misinformation” (as ATT put it) but there was nothing they could do to help. Currently paying more than before but I will be cancelling my wireless with them. Bait & switch lies. And now they get to keep my activation fees ($80).
"First of all, thank you for your response. However, I would like to point out that if you check my record, you should see that I have already spoken with your Customer Service Team at least twice and expressed my dissatisfaction with your delays. Specifically, when you first informed me that the installation would be postponed to the 28th, I made it very clear to your team that I could only accept the 28th as the latest date and could not tolerate any further delays. This is because it has a significant impact on my work and my entire family’s daily life.However, less than 24 hours later, you informed me of yet another delay, pushing the installation date to December 17. I strongly urge Vodafone to thoroughly review my conversations with your staff before providing any response."
Yes I paid my bill August 2nd 2024 the company is saying I didn't the app said I did my account says I did I still say I don't if I don't pay it they won't shut me off well I got all the proof that I I need that I paid it off never had any problems with four separate now all of a sudden there's problems terrible service man terrible service
"I have nothing but problems since switching to AT&T.  First, they claimed they did not receive our phones via mail when I had signed receipts from their employee.  I got that resolved, but they thought they were doing me a favor when they were wrong.Now, I cancelled a phone.  My plan was 2 phones and my husband died recently and I disconnected his phone and returned it [fortunately this time they indicated receipt].  Now I am trying to figure out the bill for one line.  Every month it is different, each time I call or visit the store I am given a different amount.  For two phones the total was $173.  I wrongly assumed it would be about half that.  Wrong, it is looking like $129.81, I was told $72.99 in the store, $99.00 by an agent via chat and see in my account that is $129.81.  I questioned why it would not be about half and was told that the discounts only apply to multiple lines.  So if you are single and use one phone, they don't care about you.  You are paying the highest rate possible.  I am looking elsewhere where one phone/one person is valued.  Worst mistake ever going to AT&T, do not switch no matter who you have."
Canceled the cell phone within the 30 day Costco period and is in collections for a 2 month service period. AT@T does not care and it shows
"My experience with T-Mobile has been nothing short of a nightmare. I own a fully paid-off iPhone 14 Pro Max, and after renewing my business with T-Mobile by getting an iPhone 15 on credit, I reached out to unlock my old phone so I could send it to my brother, who is serving in the U.S. Army overseas.Initially, they assured me that unlocking the phone would be easy. However, after 10 days of waiting, they suddenly claimed I was 36 hours late on my bill and pressured me to pay. Despite the fact that the iPhone 14 is no longer tied to my account, I paid the bill, only to receive even more excuses for why they couldn’t unlock it.The absurdity is that this paid-off phone is free to be activated by any random person wanting to sign up for a T-Mobile line, even a stranger or my ex-wife. I even called pretending to be someone else, provided them with the IMEI number, and they were ready to sign me up with no questions asked—as long as it was with them! Ironically, they claim they can't unlock the phone.To add insult to injury, my brother was ready to sign up with T-Mobile but needed the phone unlocked to use a local SIM while deployed. Instead of facilitating his needs, T-Mobile’s ridiculous policies have forced them to lose a military servicemember’s business. They’ve also lost mine; as soon as I finish paying off the new phone I bought from them, I’ll be moving on.If you’re thinking about choosing T-Mobile, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere. You won’t be able to sell or gift your old phones; they’ll just become expensive trash. Instead of upholding their legal obligations, T-Mobile drags their feet and makes excuses. They’re full of it, and I can’t recommend them to anyone seeking reliable and ethical service!"
"Everything they could get wrong they did. New customer cancelled my order without notification. Left me without internet. Set up a new contract not at the agreed deal but max pricing. Terminated my contract again on agreement asked me to switch to another supplier. I switched to Sky, Vodaphone cancelled the transfer, I am not seen as an existing customer for Sky and can't get a new customer deal. Third supplier now to get onto the internet. I cancelled with the 14 days, they want to charge me Termination fees. Communication is awfull, the chat box is useless, to get to a human takes ages, you get to different departments, I have had sales, engineering, termination, accounts. My life has been waisted for the last three weeks trying to have conversations with them to sort there problems out.I am sure if it goes through normally you will be ok but if you have any problems god forbid your time and engery will be sucked out of you."
The customer service and support is dead on arrival. They are racist. They lie to take your money. And have no dignity when caught in lies. And when ask to speak to a manager NOBODY knows anything. Just kill the company! ALL the time TO ALL people !
"Just a follow up on my earlier review about Vodafone , conveniently  for them , they cannot find a recording of an important conversation between myself and one of their agents and the latest agent I have been dealing  with has basically been lying to me .The agents you speak to are working from their homes ,in India , and by the sounds in the background I seriously think one of them was sitting on the beach .This used to be a good company that provided great customer service but now you will find it difficult to understand one of their representatives never mind get a good service from them .Do not stress yourself out , avoid Vodafone and use a company that appreciates you ."
"Me and my wife got two new phones at at&t and an i pad. Our payments were like 350 a month for everything, but we expected that. Then a random apple watch got added to the bill and now theyre trying to charge us 550 a month and customer service hangs up everytime we call. Every single time."
"I would leave them less than one star if I could. AT&T is one of the worst companies to do business with all the way around. Their service sucks, their customer service sucks and their business policies suck. I am not sure if anyone else has had this happen but I purchased phones from them on the next plan where I traded in phones to get the new ones and was to be paid a certain price for my phones. Well they were paying me monthly for the phones and then the service went bad as many people have experienced lately, so I cancelled my service and got a REAL service provider well at that point they charged me for the phones I had which I have no problem with but in turn they kept my phones I traded and now does not want to pay for them. I am trying to begin a class action lawsuit against them so if this has happened to you please let me know so you can be added."
"I don't know why I'm surprised at the 1.3 ⭐ rating. And you wouldn't think it would be so low being such a big company. But the bumbling customer service is what I've experienced ever since signing up in December 2023. Not only are they outrageously priced as I had Metro prior but had to change carriers as I relocated to a remote area. With Metro I was paying 150.00 a month for 4 lines AND Internet. Never was charged a penny more. AT&T however is all over the board with different charges each month. It's never the same. I remember I had AT&T years back and that's why I left them and nothing's changed. Only the customer service has gotten worse because they're not organized. Every time I call in I feel a sense of dread because I know it's going to go wrong. I don't think that this company should be as big as they are. If they can't even handle customer service aspects, that should be easy. I have their internet service as well and every time I call in about it for some reason or another they can never find my account. I'm put on hold consistently and generally transferred to at least 3 to five people before they can finally figure out the issue if they can. They don't have a problem taking my money at the time the bill is due but whenever I call in they can never find my account no matter how many times I've called and been on hold for up to an hour at a time. It's beyond ridiculous And I don't know how a company can survive being so inadequate. I really just want to leave AT&T because of the customer service but of course they've locked me into something or other. This company is horrible"
If I could give them a 0 I would! We have internet with them and now 2 months in a row they cut off my services AFTER I paid my bill! Now they are trying to tell me that they will not cut.my service back on unlessi pay the bill that's not even due yet! We called after they cut.our services off and they assured us that it was their mistake and the services would be cut back on. We'll they were never turned back on. So we called back and now we are being told they they are having a SYSTEM GLITCH and want us to pay a bill that's not even Dye yet to turn my service back on! This is.the 2nd time they have done this! We will be finding a new service and I will NEVER use ANYRHING AT&T again!
I used OneCom who use Vodafone both companies are appalling as far as I am concerned. I had  2 year contract Just as the equipment comes out of warranty guess what the phone starts overheating and freezing. OneCom doesnt want to know neither do Vodafone. So i am expected to carry on paying £5-0 a month for a phone that is very dangerous and a fire hazard the law needs changing. I would not recommednd either company to anyone wanting a contract phone. STAY CLEAR ESPECIALLY ONECOM THDEY ARE CROOKS.
"To start with, if I could give a negative number I would. Today 1/1/2024 my son was trying to switch carriers as he was on our account. When he received the SIM card, we found out his phone was locked, because we owed a $1.32. This was an unknown balance to my husband and I. The $1.32 was sent to collections. My husband and I cancelled our service on 12/5/2023. We switched to PureTalk. My phone ended up being locked as well. My husband took my phone into a T-MOBILE store and was unlocked with no mention of a balance owed and in collections this was on 12/7/2023. We've been on off the phone with T-Mobile Customer Care Services off and on since 4pm (1/1/2024) We have spoken to2 different operators on currently on hold for a third who is Supervisor #2...We were previously told that since we cancelled our service before we had a credit of $92.00, again no mention of $1.32 that was owed. Mind you our bill was due by the 9th of each month, so technically our bill was not due until 1/9/2024, if would have stayed with them.  Since, we cancelled 12/5/2023 there should not be bill owed...now it's in collections not even a month later...Way to T-Mobile, you rock and still on the phone at 11:33 at note with no resolution. My husband is going to the Cooperate office tomorrow..."
HiI am very disappointed by my billing this month I have paid $137 of my two cellphones which I don't understandMy bill supposed to be $100 which was committed by your sales person.You customers services are not serious to help your customers.So plz fix my billRegardsKashif
"I have been with Vodafone for about 25 years and like many others decided to leave due to their obsession with unjustifiable price hikes.Coming to the end of a Sim only contract and gave the obligatory 30 days notice to leave and got my PAK code. Just when I think it’s all sorted they go and charge me for another full month, I’m like REALLY!People should avoid at all costs these greedy, manipulative companies that run our UK mobile phones. I am now glad to be away from Vodafone as you are not rewarded in any kind for loyalty. Get ready for my official complaint!"
"At&t has been steadily increasing my home internet bill for the past months. They are constantly sending notifications about getting air internet which I refuse. For the first 2 years with them, the line was bad because of faulty installment on their part, until they rewire. They didn't compensate me for the loss and I let it slip but yet they are increasing my bill basically every month."
"They keep raising the prices. It went from 78 plus to 85 plus change to 95 for no reason. They signed me out of automatic pay and then charged me more because of it. I spent an hour and a half on the phone with a guy fixing it only for them to do the same thing a month later. When I signed up it was supposed to be 73 plus change but they added a fee of $5 for a free upgrade for something I WASN'T ELIGIBLE FOR because you had to have the service for 6 months to be eligible. My two years is up in July and I am leaving this service and never returning. They steal money from you every way they can and unless you have and hour and a half every month to fix it only to have the same thing happen again a month later, it's not worth the aggravation. I am dumping a phone and living without it. I did that for ten years and now because of AT&T I am done with a phone."
"representative Prince promised to come back and help set up our equipment when it arrived. After several days of trying to get him to fulfill his promise , I have came to realize he has no integrity. After speaking to att support it is clear to me , they dont care..I do not recommend anybody to use att..they are a joke."
"Would give 0 stars if it were an option, Tmobile has overpriced plans. I would recommend basically any other cell service company if you care about what is in your bank account. If you do have Tmobile currently, better watch the amount closely because it can and will change on you with no notice beyond just being present on your billing statement. If you're canceling your bill, you better ask if there are any additional charges because if there is, they will not inform you beyond a letter in the mail like we in the 1960s and they don't have your email address."
"If there were zero stars, I would rate that. I'm leaving vodafone, trying to return their equipment, as I don't just want to chuck it in a bin. I understand they're supposed to offer this recycling service. (They probably just send the waste to a third world country landfill site, but that's their choice.) I can't even get them to sort this simple request out. The Tobi chatbot is useless. The human advisor just stopped the chat and completely ignored me. What's the point of wasting my time any more. Into the bin, and landfill, it goes."
if i can stop one person from joining then I feel I've done a good jobthe customer service is the pits of the world
"I give T mobile zero stars you're on hold for over three hours. I've proof on my phone. After 55 minutes was hung up on. I don't know what happened to tmobile.  The manager, Leo   very rude disrespectful to woman, he belittle me the entire call. I don't know why Tmobile is hiring unprofessional people that arejust outrageous and customer service representative are unprofessional not helpful at  all very incompetent when it comes to resolving issues. I'm going to find another provider.  I , dont recommend Tmobile poor service and they steal your money and charge you for services you don't have check your bill.Tmobile should be ashamed of themselves. ::;((((((((( Leo manager should be terminated immediately check phone conversation. It made me cry how rude a man can be to a female customer:::((((((((("
"My bill is &35 to &50 more than I was told.Tried to pay a friend's bill but they wanted so much security that Home Land Security was impressed. My ""unlimited"" everything is sp slow at times I could use a string and two soup cans to download. Customer service, although friendly, is totally useless.Wondering if t mobile can spell ""Boost"",  ""Metro PCS"" or ""Straightslk"".Gone from a 1 -10, 10 rating of wow to a 4 of what is wrong with you morons."
"I had an office phone with Vodafone contract and once I received a PAC code I went to Vodafone Maidenhead asking for a contract that would allow me to retain the number and for an iPhone I could transfer my data to from my office iPhone 14. The guy in the shop gave me an iPhone 8 and proposed an additional sim card with a different number and 15G absolutely free of charge. When I tried to return my phone Vodafone Maidenhead would not have anything to do with it and directed me to another store where I found out that I was paying good money for the extra sim card.The crew at Vodafone Windsor was very helpful and honest. The guy that served me at Maidenhead store was unhelpful, came across as very dishonest and when I tried to give back the iPhone 8 even rude."
"I wanted to ensure my contract ending at the end of the month would be the same as cancelling my contract as I have found elsewhere at 3 times the speed for the same price for broadband... chatted with Ahmed.Completely inappropriate customer service... asking me what my weekend plans are, how I use my broadband, and these side smiley faces (like this :) ) which is simply unprofessional. How old is he? 12?I asked to cancel my contract and he gives a whole lot of sales pitch BS, so I asked again to please just deal with the matter at hand to no avail. Eventually he got the message after I had to be completely direct with him that I am closing my account, end of.Please train your customer services... it is just unnecessary to feel like I'm dealing with a teenager to get something done."
"I was told I was getting a free phone. Unfortunately, I was on automatic payment so I didn't see my bill. They not only charged me for the ""free"" phone, they charged me for insurance. We hate the phone and only got it because it was free. The store we got the ""free"" phone from closed and the company refused to refund the money. I am so disappointed in this company - I've been a customer for 9 years and im leaving after this scandalous transaction. I hate getting ripped off!"
Ordered a phone case from them. Came defective. Couldn’t return at any local store locations (due to not being corporate locations). The returns customer service line (stated on the invoice receipt) wouldn’t do anything and told me to go to the store. Wasted my time and money. Had to do a charge back.
"I have been with tmobile for 12 years and I trusted the internet service, DONT GET IT, IT DOESNT WORK AND AFTER YOU CALL THEM many times trying to find the reason that its not working, changing location of the modem, changing the chip, changing the modem, etc, THEY WILL CHARGE FOR FULL SERVICE. Safe time and get internet somewhere else."
Set up wrong address for broadband even though through 3 calls due to delays in set ups I kept confirming my address they never flagged up it was incorrect. Due to the incorrect address couldn't do installation so then had to cancel and set a new order.Their compensation was to refund me if I am billed for the several weeks missed service. I said I couldn't be billed for that time anyway as there error and I had no way to confirm as the precontract doesn't have address on it.The new one the house doesn't have fiber box so I can receive the service I paid for over 4 hours on phone to customer service;Wanted 3 things:1- My contract sent to me so I can access the app - not achieved in 4 hours call and several departments.2 - a date to confirm when engineer will be out to put fiber box - not achieved in 4 hours call and multiple departments3 - someone to trouble shoot the internet to be usable until fiber box installed through phone line - no achievedI've lost hours of wages during these calls and it was always a different departments fault. No accountability
1st month 300mbps speeds2nd month 200mbps3rd month 100-160mbpsEvery month after... a constant up and down from 0mbps - 160mbps the internet is so unstable I cant do ANYTHING ONLINE besides watch youtube videos most days... I streamed on twitch and now I CANNOT do that at all because the internets too unstable... I've been giving them the benefit of the doubt hoping things get better but it just keeps getting significantly worse... Customer support is great they do thier best but at the end of the day the service im paying for is absolutely terrible...We will be transferring back to Verizon Wireless as soon as they have internet service in our areaI should've known better than to trust T Maybe
"only put 1 star cause you have to!!  I went in to their store in Waterville to do a free up grade, granted it was time to pay my regular bill, so i expected to walk out 55$ less! We decide on the phone do all the work the whole time telling me nothing about fee's, last I knew FREE was FREE, suddenly he writes down $84 circles it and says this is what we'll pay today with tax n service, i said thats kind of high isnt it, oh wait is that including my $55 current owed, he jumped on it, and reassured me yes yes thats it! look at my bank account today and to my surprise 2 charges $55 and $84. Went back in to speak to someone they were no help jus basically told me it was fee's and taxes plus a walk in service charge, even though the phone rep told me I had to go do it at a store. So no resolve I'm no happy and will be shopping for a better place!! been dealing with them 2/3 years, no late, no complaint!!"
I made a payment plan last week which I've stuck 2 how dare your representative talk to me like I'm a idiot !!!!! I'm still grieving my son !!!! SORT IT OUT
"Took out broadband with Vodafone, during the installation our property was damaged.Put a complaint through Vodafone in the complaints department which have been as useful as a chocolate tea pot in resolving this. The complaints department have lied multiple times. We’ve been waiting over a week to speak to a manager and keep being harassed by the same rep that has lied multiple times saying a manager does not exist, there is no manager, she is the manager, she’s not the manager and then to finally agree to a call back from a manager who just didn’t speak and ended up terminating the call.Safe to say we have now switched to a different company all within the 14 day cooling off period.Vodafone are quick to take your money but when there’s an issue it’s clear they don’t have any respect for their customers to try and help them resolve it. Instead they like to play games and pass you from pillar to post wasting your 14 days in order to lock you into a contract.All of our calls from Vodafone were recorded our end and I would advise everyone to record any contact you have with them to prove any lies from their part.Will never use Vodafone or recommend them ever again."
"I am 9 months pregnant. Less than two weeks from delivering. My husband and I needed to use this paycheck to get the last few baby items we needed before the baby arrives so even though we do not usually we decided to split our payment as T-Mobile allows. I wanted to pay half and the other half in two weeks. But T-Mobile only allowed for first payment in two weeks and the second in a month. Silly I thought, so I made the first payment (unknowingly doing so in an amount that was 1 cent off) through the app and intending to call T-Mobile later to cancel one of the auto pays. As I have done in the past. The customer service rep I got when I did call today, two weeks later was not only not helpful and rude but just kept telling me over and over again how this was my fault and she can't do anything. I made a fuss and she kept putting me on hold but resolved that if I made the minimum payment of $1.50 that would take care of the first payment and they could cancel the auto pay. This I was fine with and was so frustrated and crying I just wanted off the phone at this point. With the issue resolved we got off the phone and I took a much needed nap. The customer service rep continues calling and texting while I'm sleeping and I finally answer for her to tell me oh hey that didn't work and it will be charging you tomorrow, with zero recommendations and basically just telling me I'm screwed. T-Mobile is a freaking joke and I'll do nothing but tell everyone how awful your company is and I will be taking my business elsewhere as soon as possible. Great customer service not trying to solve anything and doing nothing but blaming the customer!"
Not signal at all even in open parking lot.
"I would avoid at all costs, awful. Had problems since the installers installed in wrong place having to ring up about 5 different occasions hour long phone calls, write 3 complaint forms the latest one was 11 days ago and no response. Brought best internet and it can’t even get signal in a small flat. Awful customer service."
"Yet again, their broadband goes down and they do nothing to help.The amount of time there is a service outage with their broadband is ridiculous, and they provide no compensation. Only after two full days they will even think of providing you with compensation. But for most of us who rely on Internet to work from home, waiting two days for connectivity to be fixed and then be compensated for it is absolutely ridiculous.As soon as my contract finishes, i am moving to another provider. They are the most unreliable broadband provider i have ever had.I encourage you to go with another provider"
Stole $1000 dollars from my account on auto pay. They admit they made a mistake but keep telling me to call Ass-u-ran Insurance. Tmobile took the money from my account.
I used AT&T for 34 years. They could care less. They give better deals to a wretch off the street than long term loyal customers. I literally hate them and their woke culture and will never ever give them another cent. And the same for Directv.
I think T-Mobile customer service is wonderful I've never had any problem with them for the last 21 years period however T-Mobile has decided to block me from customer service. I can't call there if I call there I get put on eternal hole. Most of the time I can't get into my T-Mobile or T-Mobile to see the billing or to try and chat with someone. If I call from another phone I can get through or I did get through now they've caught that and it started blocki.ng me using someone else's phone. Oh well I forgot to mention T-Mobile's billing I thought was perfect for every charge there is a date and an explanation I have been having two charges with no explanation of what it's for. And the problem with accessing my my T-Mobile or T-Mobile so that I can watch the account during the month is a problem for me so I will be saying goodbye and I hope that just that this does not happen to anyone else
"Booked a new broadband installation with Vodafone. The sign-up process ran smoothly, and plenty of information was shared before the installation date this Monday. I still have my previous contract with another provider running for another week. I was informed that Vodafone could not cancel my other contract with the other provider, which is ok because I cancelled it myself. I ensured with Vodafone's customer service in advance that this would not cause any issues with my new connection. I was reassured that I would get a brand new, separate line installed so there would not be any problem. On Monday, when the Openreach engineer started with the installation, he decided to cut the old line and install the new line, as I should be connected to my new provider within two hours. The new line is now installed, and the new ONT box is in perfect working order. However, the Power Hub refuses to connect to the newly installed ONT box. I escalated the issue to Vodafone's customer support on Monday and was asked to be patient as it could take up to midnight for the new connection to be established. However, whilst I called, they also tried two hard resets of the Power Hub, which had no success, so all I could do was wait for the magic to happen overnight. The following day, the Power Hub was still flashing red, and no connection occurred. Customer support contacted me to double-check if everything was up and running by now. I had to deny it. They tried another hard reset and then asked me to send in several photos of my setup. I would be contacted within hours by the specialist team, and if they could not solve the issue, a technical engineer would be appointed for a home visit. Nothing happened. I gave them another call. They were still waiting for the photos to be uploaded/attached to the ticket this could take another 16 hours as these photos are usually only uploaded around 9 am every day... (WHAT?) The next day, nothing happened, although I was supposed to get a follow-up call between 1 and 3 pm. Called at 3 pm, and still no photos, if I could send them again. Did so, but this time, I insisted on staying on the call until I received confirmation that the images were attached to the ticket. This happened, and I was told the specialist team would now be in touch within 4 hours. After 2 hours, att 6 pm last night, I got a text from the specialist team that an internal team would not look into my fault and that it could take until today for an update to be provided. The customer support employee from last night promised me a call this morning, which unfortunately did not happen. Instead, I got my first bill claiming money for the service that is supposedly been running smoothly since Monday and although I had been promised that I would only be charged from when the connection is succesfully established and I would be entitled to compensation as well. So, I had to call myself at noon to challenge the bill and now learn that the internal team had now promised ""an update"" on the case on the next day. So, since Monday, I am without any internet connection at home and I can no longer believe that anyone is actually really trying hard to solve the issue, instead of having two separate working lines with two different providers, I now have zero working lines and feel utterly neglected and only promised loose, non-binding updates. Where is the service technician at my place that was promised to me on Tuesday? To avoid similar issues, at this stage, I can only recommend avoiding this company by any means."
I am on PAYG 1- cost £1 per day for unlimited calls and texts. If I don't use then it costs nothing. Got a text from them today to tell me they are doubling the price to £2 a day so it is now PAYG2. How are they allowed to get away with this? They wouldn't double a monthly subscription without warning.
They will rip you off stating they never received payment then you show proof and they still want to hit you with a late fee. You ask to speak to a manager because the first agent is being rude then the manager Julia is also rude and smartallic. Do not go with this service. Metro has a better plan.
"Worst experience ever with a cell phone provider. Employees use boiler room con artist tactics including flat out lying to confuse senior citizens and sell them all kinds of garbage they don't need. Was there almost 6 hours, 4 of those spent with a new guy who didn't know what he was doing. We were sold DirecTV and internet and told we would have fiber optic cable service and didn't. We found out when the technician came to hook it up and told us it wasn't available in our apartment building. We were sold a 3rd phone which we didn't need and told it would save us money on insurance. The 3rd phone costs $64 per month and insurance is $30. Went back 2 weeks later and was told by the manager that the 2 guys who sold us everything had been let go and that there was nothing she could do to help us. Went back again because neither of us could make calls or send messages and the female manager who refused to help us and the 2 guys she said had been let go were all there. She was very nasty until she saw that I was recording the conversation. She then showed me how to resolve the issue. Went in again today to return the unwanted 3rd phone and was met by ""David, just David"" who grabbed my phone from the table and tried to turn the recording off. He said they don't allow recording in the store in spite of several cameras in full view. He refused to help me at all and asked me to leave. In summary the manager and the other 2 employees have no respect for seniors and take advantage of them as much as possible."
"AT&T are 💩 they have to be they now own SKY, VIRGIN MEDIA and 02 the service for Broadband breaks down all the time and they charge double what BT does all I can say avoid them like the plague and If you have service with them then CEASE IT as you can't trust the RIP OFF MERCHANT WHO ARE WORSER THAN KCON!"
"They are so desperate to take there long time customers and lose them then have a respectable business.  Pay my bill every month through my bank on 13th and last month June 2024 the charged me a late fee $7, but not any other months has it been late. T-Mobile tatic to make you pay on their website or set up where these fraud folks can automatically debit your account. They make mistakes and then how would they rectify correctly in a timely manner, they won't b/c they don't give a crap!!"
Customer service rubbish been hanging on 36 mins order never turned up dpd never got out his van he's own photo shows he didn't been told delivery will be next day not on my watch cancelled order never going to vodafone
"Ordered a home broadband package last month; including setting up direct debits. Received notification of a go-live date; and told to expect equipment delivery a few days before this.Go-live date now almost 2 weeks late, no equipment recieved. Contacted Vodafone, and once through the agonising security check (as no account details so the customer services rep has to use alternative questions), I am told that the order was cancelled, but they are not able to give a reason, date or identification of the cancellation.Will definitely not use them in future."
"Several times I've emailed Vodafone for a NUC (network unlock code).Each time I am told that I'll either get an immediate answer or I'll get the code in 2 weeks.To date (after several weeks), I'm still waiting. A day after I posted this message on Trust pilot I received a message from Vodafone.Hello. Thank you for requesting a Network Unlock Code (NUC) for your device - we're working on this now for you. We'll email you an update shortly, so keep an eye on your inbox. Remember to check your junk/spam folder if it hasnt arrived soon. I've subsequently heard nothing."
"If I could I'd give this poor, sorry, pathetic excuse for a phone service negative zero stars. They don't give you any advanced notice whatsoever when your upcoming bill is due; no texts, or anything, they just shut the phone off and internet without any warning. Not only that but they have the nerve to charge five dollars extra when you go to their store to pay your bill, they also have terrible customer service. Tell your family, tell your friends, your neighbors, your mailman, everyone you meet, don't go with T-Mobile. Would not recommend ever! Worst. Provider. Ever!"
"AVOID T-MOBILE at all costs!!! Signed up to switch 6 lines from Verizon. They never gave me a 6-digit pin so couldn’t validate my account to activate the devices. Two months later I received a bill for $451.70 for service that has NEVER BEEN PROVIDED. When I called to have this corrected they again said that without the 6 digit PIN my account has not been validated so they can’t help, yet THEY HAVE BILLED ME FOR AN ACCOUNT THAT HAS NEVER BEEN VALIDATED or ACTIVATED. Unethical!!! Nikki from customer service refused to escalate and hung up on me. Said I have to go into a T-Mobile store to fix their error. Worst customer service in my life. Again, AVOID T-MOBILE AT ALL COSTS!"
"If I could give a zero I would. Being on the phone for 28 minutes, the guy had no clue how to revamp an iPhone and then hung up on me.  Needed better service and he sat there masterbating."
"Another Hour of my life I will never get back...trying to do something so basic, cancel a broadband agreement and sign up for a new one..its utterly hopeless"
T mobile lies to its customers- sells u one deal at one rate & when ur bill comes it's substantially higher. This has happened once to me & once to my mother-in-law. How they get away w this is disgusting. They make u think it's ur ineptitude in understanding the billDISGUSTING....no it's not & hope they get sued over & over. Disgusting ppl running the company. May they rot!!!!
"(Pun intended)  HORRIBLE customer service.  Several minutes to try and wade through an automated answering system which cannot understand you.  And Heaven help you if you don't have a problem that fits neatly into one of their little categories - because at that point, the automated service will say to you ""Sorry you're having trouble.. Please try again later..""   And that's it  - You're done.On the occasions when you DO reach an actual human.. they are half a world away, with accents so bad that you cannot understand them, and ending up spending an inordinate amount of time asking them to slow down - WHICH they will confuse with ""Speak Up"".  At which time you have to remind them that you can Hear them just fine... It's not a volume issue.  It's a diction issue.  And that's when they break into 'script' mode.  They communicate by reading from that script... and CONSTANTLY ""thanking you for that information"".  And then eventually hanging up on you.I Called the toll free number that was ON MY LAND LINE BILL - spent 30 minutes trying to explain my issue to someone who had zero working knowledge of the language.. only to find out .. .that he was SOMEHOW with the cell phone division.  And so, I got to begin the process all over again.Issues that could be handled in a matter of minutes will often take hours because of this.  AT&T is essentially giving a big middle finger to it's client base, saying .. .""There's not much you can do ..  as WE are a shining monument to what can be accomplished when there is virtually NO Competition.""There are over SEVEN THOUSAND negative reviews on Trust Pilot alone - this should be some indication that AT&T isn't about to fix a thing.  I would consider letting AT&T know about my review, as TP suggests.  Why bother... it's clear they don't care."
worst customer service ever can’t believe at&t got so bad on customer service .. didn’t know if i was taking with a robot or a human being how you can put someone answer like this to customer this guys he doesn’t belong to customer service really  id ks43y please help yourself found another job customer service it’s not for you
"My bill has doubled because of a mistake made by AT&T and they refuse to help in anyway. Customer service, Martin, with AT&T found this mistake and explained to me what happened and how they believe it happened by an employee in the store when we upgraded my daughter’s phone. But instead of correcting the error they tell me to continue paying the huge bill. They refuse to put me back on the plan that I was happy with for 16 years and are forcing me to now pay 433$ a month instead of my previous 200$ monthly bill! I am furious!"
"T-mobile does false advertising. They had a promotional offer for their home internet, that if you add a t-mobile home internet, you’d receive a 50 inch 4k Amazon TV, valued at $450. I added t-mobile home internet, applied for the promotion, and was approved to receive the promotional offer, however, t-mobile did not send me the tv. After over 23 hours of phone conversations with different departments of t-mobile’s customer service, the t-mobile agent only offered a $260 credit toward my account. I refused the $260 and asked for the tv that I was offered or the $450 value. And t-mobile refused my request. This is false advertising and t-mobile should know better and not treat their customers this way. They should honor what they promised, either the tv or the value of the promotion."
"Huzefa in there complaints team has said they cancelled my deal but won't tell me why. Messaged the Facebook messenger as told to and nothing rectifiedSigned up via Uswitch to their broadband deal, however the price on Uswitch didn't match the price on Vodafones site. I raised a complaint and had Huzefa deal with it who was quite frankly incompetent, said he's cancelled my broadband because they couldn't honour the deal and to sign up to another deal?! Unprofessional and glad it was cancelled now. Will let every customer know each day until they tell me why they handled my case the way they did!"
I upgraded with T-Mobile and did not receive the device.  Multiple people callled me to wait an entire day for delivery - it never came they put me on hold for more than 30 minutes and asked me to pay deposit again and then wanted to charge me again.  Worst service in th world
AT&T has been a nightmare for me all morning they mislead me in paying a bill to get my services restored. They transferred me all over the place and completely lied to me…I was told once I paid the bill in full I would keep my services…I’m a single mom in this terrible economy and for them to lie and not give a clear understanding and take the last money I had for me and my family is the lowest of the lowest…I need my services in order to take care of my family and they just took my money in five mins and I have been trying to get services rerouted for four hours….i will never recommend this service to anyone…if anything I will slander the AT&T name and make sure they go completely out of business due to their lack or consideration and knowledge for its customers
"I bought their products and canceled my existing service because they promised my bills would be much lower. However, I soon discovered it was all a lie. My first bill was over $700, while I had been paying $240 for five phones with T-Mobile. They also promised my internet would be $65 per month, but they charged me $85 instead. I regretted it so much and had to return all the phones and cancel my internet service with them. All of this cost me money because they don’t offer credits or partial refunds, even if you never used their equipment.Please be aware of the salespeople at Walmart; they will do anything to sell you their product, and the bill ends up being completely different from what you agreed to. AT&T really sucks. Their service is terrible, and they don’t even try to help you with credits. They will take your money. So, if you have a good phone plan or internet, please don’t switch—your costs will double or even triple. their samesman ARE SCAMMERS!!"
"My phone died on Thursday morning, so at the next most convenient time, I spoke to a Vodafone customer service agent, who prepared a new phone for me via the chat. I explained how very urgent this matter was as my phone is critical, not just for my life, but my work.I was assured, everything was fine and they said one was available to collect the same day from a store not far from me. Fantastic! I thought, what service. After running through a million questions and T&C's I was told that they mucked up the order and now the phone was unavailable, even though i was told it was reserved for me. They then suggested I get the phone delivered, next day, to the store of my choice. I told them the store that was close to me, which is in the same City as I work. We went through another round of questions, only to be told this time, that there is a power outage at their HQ, so she couldn't complete the order, but not to worry, she said she would do it later when everything was back up and running. Feeling rest assured, I went back about my day. What could possibly go wrong.Obviously having no phone, I went on my laptop, at home, to get confirmation that my phone was on its way, as promised, only to be told by a different agent, that the order was cancelled and not followed up.Blood pressure starting to rise, I was reassured that if we place the order again, I will have my new phone delivered, as promised, next day. Wow, thank god.We proceed to go through the 3 hour ordering process, again. This time the order was complete and promised for the second time that the phone will be available for me to collect the next day and that I would receive a message, once ready. I explained that my phone was broken, therefor I had no way to receive a notification. Don't worry, she said, just turn up at the store in the afternoon, and it will be there for you.The next day arrived, I left work at 3pm, to walk into the City centre, which would mean I got there at near 4pm. I told the member of staff that i was here to collect my phone, I had a print out of the order confirmation with me for proof, as well as an ID and Bank card. He wandered off into the back room and came back empty handed. He told me that he sorted out the delivery himself and there wasnt anything for me. Absolutely fuming, I got home to speak to another advisor, only to be told, no, It will be Saturday, but you have to wait for a notification.. I dont have a blooooody phone, how will i know???Dont worry, you will get an email.. Brilliant, so i have to stare at my emails all day, on my day off. What a wonderful way to spend it..So, I dont hold out much hope, that my phone will be there tomorrow. Just seems i have been lied to multiple times and scammed into taking out another contract.Did i mention, I have been a customer with Vodafone for around 20 years and this is how I have been treated.Lied to twice, could be a third and not even a grovelling apology or some kind of reimbursement for the loss of money/time."
They service sucks and the people that work for this company!!!!! They are a rip off!!! They over charge for 💩 And double your bill!!!! Worst company service I ever delt with!!!! I recommend nobody switch to their company!!!!
"I have been with tmobile over 6 years, never miss a bill etc. After years of trying to get me to upgrade to more expensive plan without success, all of a sudden my bill is increased. Mind you I am not using more data or making more calls. I live in a rural area and need a network booster that's how crappie tmobile service have been , still I stayed with them and this is how they repay me.."
"Tried getting the names switched on the AT&T account an they screwed up so bad that it took 3 weeks plus 4 hours of failed attempts with the crap customer service, Apparently you now have to install your own router after their circus act an it’s $70 for that trash service so don’t waste your time with them you’ll regret it. Can’t believe AT&T is this bad an still waiting for my stupid new router 🤬"
"In January this year I had FTTP installed with Vodafone at great stress and inconvenience due to poor installation.This week I decided I wanted to take advantage of the benefits of increased speeds available on FTTP, so I made an order to upgrade from 73mbps to 500mbps.It was due to go live tomorrow 2nd December, but today I got a call from a vodafone call centre employee to say my order has to be cancelled because ""my FTTP connection is not capable of 500mbps"" !!!!!!!!!!!!The whole purpose of FTTP is to enable the connection to go that fast!!!!!!!!So I went through immeasurable amounts of stress and inconvenience with the original swap from copper to FTTP and it was a complete waste of time! RIDICULOUS!I wish I had never moved to Vodafone and will be leaving as soon as I am able to, never to return.An awful experience with a shockingly bad company."
"The main complaint I have with Vodafone UK is their poor service, specifically regarding buffering and latency issues. After months of frustration, I bought a third-party router (TP-Link Deco) which finally resolved the issues, proving that the fault was with the router provided by Vodafone. Despite this, Vodafone refused to send a replacement router or send someone to test the equipment. Their boosters and routers are of very poor quality, and I strongly recommend avoiding them. Instead, invest in a reliable router like TP-Link Deco or Eero and use the PPPoE account provided by Vodafone rather than their subpar devices.From the outset, Vodafone’s service has been appalling. When I first signed up, they never bothered to send anyone to properly set up the connection. Aside from the Openreach engineer installing the fibre, I had to do everything else myself. Despite reporting multiple issues, Vodafone repeatedly came up with different excuses for the poor service. At various times, they blamed congestion, my house, the number of devices I was using, or even the fact that I tested the internet on iPhones rather than Android devices. I was told to make video calls to show the cable I was using—even though I was using a high-quality Cat 8 cable.Despite all of this, no one from Vodafone ever came to my address to properly investigate the issue. Instead, I was left dealing with a support team that appeared to lack any knowledge of broadband or technical troubleshooting. I’ve had to waste hours on the phone, often during the day when I’m at work, and was still left with no resolution.Even after I reported the case to CISAS, Vodafone continued to be inconsistent. They emailed me stating I would not have to pay a termination fee, yet every time I tried to cancel, they insisted I would be charged £70 for the remaining three months. This lack of accountability is unacceptable.To make matters worse, when I asked for email responses instead of phone calls, their standard reply was to offer another 24-month contract, with no credit or reimbursement for the time I paid for non-functional devices.For anyone considering Vodafone broadband, I strongly advise against it. If you’re looking for a reliable provider, check out Zen, Cuckoo, or Utility Warehouse, and focus on Openreach providers with better reviews. Avoid Vodafone’s devices entirely—use your own router with a PPPoE account, which is easy to set up and far more reliable.Additional Advice: If you’re considering Wi-Fi 6E or Wi-Fi 7, make sure you have the latest devices in your home (e.g., iPhone 16, the latest MacBook, or top-tier Lenovo laptops) to fully utilise these technologies. Otherwise, they’re not worth it.To Vodafone: Please do not respond with a generic “contact us to discuss” reply. Every time I’ve contacted you, I’ve been stonewalled, ignored, or offered unhelpful solutions. Your customer service is the worst I’ve ever experienced.Update 13.01.25: Vodafone reached an agreement, and I received a credit as compensation. A new contract has been established without any additional boosters, offering a favourable monthly rate."
"Worst customer service. Read all reviews below. They are accurate. I experienced similar experiences: they lie, no way to complain, spent hours on the phone trying to fix over charges, still they dont fix it, they advertise a plan at a price, it's another one...they lie.bad, really bad."
They over charge and rude.  They won’t work with you.  In hopes that they will go out of business.
Internet was fine for 6 months then nothing but issues. Seems to be fine for several weeks then speeds drop from 900 to 12. Last for a week of 2. As by time you phone them they go through the and list of we need to send an update oh we need to reset router. Well I purchased another router so no it’s not the router. You throttle speeds when you’re not meant to. 12 is a joke when you pay for 900. You think I don’t have anything better than phoning you every night or 2Same time every night speeds drop from 8pm to 11:30 pm. You throttle speeds when you say you don’t. All you can say is you don’t see an issue even when I send pics you still blame router even after I changed it. I swap between both routers to prove it’s not mine as well.Worst mistake I’ve ever done is join Vodafone. Train your team better as well. Useless. I’m paying £40 odd pound a month so my son can complain every night he can’t play his computer
"Went to T-Mobile store in Sept 2023. Brought my parents to my account and was given ""free"" phones, as a promotion.   Was told to verify with T-Mobile regarding billing.  When i did so in September,  I was told I would see the charge for the phone, but would also see a credit for that same amount.  So here it is December and I'm being billed for the phone with no credit.  Called T-Mobile.  The rep stated there was no promotion on ""their"" end, and there were no notes on my account regarding a call regarding a credit,  and they were sorry someone told me I would get a credit.  I asked who would review the recording of that previous conversation, I was told to go to the store (an hour away) to try and resolve my problem."
"I was with vodafone for 7 years.  I never missed a payment, all taken by direct debit.  The last and final payment was also taken by direct debit.  Now they have waited 2 years to say the final payment was just over £1 short and they have sent it to a debt collection agency and have totally ruined my perfect credit rating.  They say they emailed and text me but I received nothing.  No use trying to tell them anything they just say 'the computer says'.  Was thinking of going back to them as the reception is better in our area but I am unable to trust them anymore."
"It's been a week without internet, my bill has been paid in full and early.I understand the company technician were on strike.I am a very punctual person. If you say your coming between 8 and 12 I expect you to be here! ITS 12:38 AND YOU don't  even have a technician scheduled to come out.Im not angry, but mess around and find out! I'll fire you and do business with another company.I have Star link in mind!"
"The biggest thief is Vodafone…The biggest thief is Vodafone…The biggest thief is Vodafone company...I request everyone..You will not enter into a two-year agreement with Vodafone...When I called the customer service, they treated me badly...Internet is very.bad... Vodafone..Every month money is stolen from my account"
"I had a representative come to my home, and said he could lower my monthly cell bill. I had T Mobile with a $178 mo. payment. Now my bill is now $214. a month, instead of the $150 that was stated at the  time that I transferred over. I  explained to the representative that I was retiring soon, and I'd like to my bills as low as possible, since I'd be on a fixed income. I feel I was mislead and lied to about the service I received.  I contacted the Customer Service line and wasn't able to get the bill any lower. I also blame myself for listening to someone tell me the amount of the bill, when there was nothing in writing about the monthly statement until after everything was signed. And I got an email in a few days."
A terrible company you can't reach customer service easily and when you talk to them they don't understand you and they start getting upset👎 they don't even deserve one star
"T-mobile is the most deceptive, Greedy, and scammers that I have fully experienced with this company stole money three times from my account without having my permission  I'm not happy with the service and the company which I believe is a crooked establishment"
T-Mobile Home Internet has been averaging 6-7 disconnects per day.  Calling or chatting with Support is always fun and interesting but they never have an answer other than resetting the equipment.Go with anyone else selling internet service except T-Mobile.
"Overcharged and illegally put on a business tariff?I have never had a bill that is correct ever since I upgraded my phone, also it says I'm on a business tariff when I not a business, I am employed....shambles...id love someone to actually help me sort this out."
If there is any negative minus 5 star rating? One of the worst network service.Total waste garbage network.Pathetic customer service.I am with customer care for past 1hr20 min and still unable to resolve the issue.
"Fairly horrendous experience. As follows:1. Promised to sign me up as a business, signed up as personal and could never rectify.2. Canceled and ported package away in June 2024, noticed was still being charged in September 2024.3. No method to contact them verbally as a business, so it's a merry-go-round of Live Chat (which is awful) with promises but no resolution.4. Finally had a call from Vodafone, assuring a full refund would be issued and the contract actually fully canceled; it never happened.5. Joined their support forum to plead with them for help, they said they couldn't do anything.6. Have resorted to asking a friend to wade through the shambles of a social media support method to sort out.100% AVOID THIS SHAMBOLIC FIRM"
Where are you?Standing outside in the pouring rain waiting to collect my phones. Shop is meant to be open but it is closed.My order has been cancelled and will need to be resubmitted because I am unable to collect my phones from your closed shop at 1pm Saturday.
"Needed an ISP as part of moving house and decided to give Vodafone a go. Ordering process was straightforward (although a bit convoluted) but the order went through and got the confirmation mails. Decided to check a few days later as to what my order status was and when I could expect to be connected again so used their chatbot. It couldn't help with order status so I asked to be transferred from bot to agent (who took all my information) to be transferred again to yet another agent (taking all the same information again) to then be told the order was cancelled for an ""Unknown"" reason. I guess I'll go with a provider who understands communication and customer support given Vodafone clearly doesn't want me."
Their service has gotten really bad lately and I’ve had to keep switching off of their 5G back to LTE back to 5G back to LTE. Turning my phone off and on to regain a cell tower.  My phone loses coverage in areas where it never used to in the metro and suburban areas
"I have been a customer of AT&T since 2005 until this year at some point I’m ditching AT&T.  I Simpley went to inquire about the new iPhone 16 because I always trusted AT&T. I thought oh well why not trade in my iPhone 12 Pro in perfect condition and fell for their buying your phone for $800 I I realized I had made a mistake when I started seeing the estimated bill I had been taken and have now lost all of my confidence. The store that I purchased this at was very accommodating and tried to help in every way they could put their hands are tied too ultimately I returned the iPhone 16 and of course, lost my iPhone 12 and feel like I was taken, I’m going to discuss this situation fully with the rest of my family that has my other three lines besides mine and we are going to go a different direction. We have AT&T wireless AT&T everything and they’re losing us as a customers."
"AT&T's service has been disappointing for me. I've experienced frequent outages and slow internet speeds that have made it difficult to work from home. Customer support has been challenging to reach, and when I do get through, the solutions offered don't seem to resolve my issues. Overall, I expected better reliability and responsiveness based on their reputation, but my experience has not met those expectations."
"Very disappointed with Vodaphone upgrade experience, due to collect my new phone, told unable to due to processing error on Vodaphone side. Very unhelpful, Raised complaint with Customer Services told to call store. No one answering the phone. Would not recommend."
"** update ** Vodafone never contacted or raised another complaint as reply suggests.Stayed with Vodafone Broadband on the promise they’d solve the issues we had when we changed from normal broadband to fibre with a new router.  All problems have persisted. I’ve spent countless hours going in circles on chat and phone calls.  Call centre is abroad and as lovely and friendly as the team are the language barrier means you’ll forever get trapped in hour long circles where your on hold whilst they “ look into it “ only to be told yet again it’ll be passed to the mysterious “ back end team “ and you’ll be contacted within 24 hrs. Which never happens.   And then 48+ hrs later you get one missed call out of the blue and they class it as resolved.The app is horrifically useless and is still linked to our old router.  Different teams and individuals have wasted hours of our time promising if we just stay on the line they’ll fix it. Never fixed.  WiFi swaps between frequency which disconnects most of our devices and interiors watching telly / our outdoor cameras/ the baby monitor and even Alexa which we use to keep our baby soothed by playing music.I’d not recommend this company and will be raising another complaint as they closed the last one as thought suggestion we download the app on my partner ( who’s never homes phone) would solve the issue of the app account not working. They even deleted our entire account and let me have the joy of doing the entire sign up process again on my own knowing I have three young kids , again didn’t even solve the problem.  I’ve wasted so many hours on the phone and chat. Nothings resolved. No one’s helpful and the call centres abroad can only read from scripts and if they don’t understand your issue they’ll just waste your time passing you between teams all saying they’ll fix and then when they can’t passing you to another , leave you on hold whilst they reread your account so you don’t have to repeat yourself then repeatedly interpret the problem wrong and waste more time. This has been ongoing since May or before now.Really really do not recommend if you value your time enough to not want to spend hours on the phone and then be ghosted and not called back with no bill deductions for your wasted time and their lack of services provided."
"Got full fibre 100 broadband with this company and I have had constant Internet dropping issue's and everytime you call them they say let's do a test and each time it gets worse, the advisers are useless as one said is issue with the router then the next on didn't have a clue and telling me that the test won't affect me being on teams meeting which it did everything froze Great voda. They put it on test for two days and still same issue no change. Now that I want to cancel my contract because they are not fulfilling there side of the contract they want  £147 for the rest of the contract. Do not sign up with them they are a joke customer service is crap same as the broadband.DO NOT RECOMMEND THEM.AT ALL. they want to charge you for not supplying the service they said they will do. 👏👏💩"
"Service sucks from wait time phone 25 min to 45 mins been down 3 days tell you fix and restore by next day from 10 am to 5 pm ,no updates or where the problem is at . They just don't care because it's not their problem"
"Just got a text, if the payment method is cc, you will jot get the auto payment discount. How low can this company go, just the greed at the C suite level is horrendous. They are not cheaper than anyone else, just a bad bad company."
"Only giving 1 star because I can’t give less. If you are older, or have older friends and family, I would highly recommend going with a service other than AT&T. My story is too long to tell in dealing with AT&T on behalf of an elderly family member, but to say the very least they took advantage of her on a fraudulent level. Please, please do your research and find a company you feel confident will take care of their customers."
"Helping a disabled friend on PIP sign up to the social tariff. Tried 3 times, got contact from a person at Vodafone on one occasion but then that vapourised. The social tariff doesn't exist because you can't access it. I would describe Vodafone as worse than useless and a waste of time.edit: That Facebook address is giving me the Unofficial Vodafone Complaints Page. Vodafone sends me to an unofficial complaints page? No thanks, that page looks like a joke. I'll leave my complaint as it is."
The wifi speeds are bad and my wifi extender they gave me turns off on opening 1-2 pages very bad fix up add antennas to the wifi hubs please
"Tmobile did not have my correct email address om file and when I had fraud detected from my bank account my automatic payments were no longer going thru to Tmobile, however they sent the alerts only to a bad email address and waited 3 months before my service was shut ff which alerted me to the need to update my auto payment. I have since paid over $500 per month due to all of the reconnect fees that my bill is consistently over $1000 a month regardless if I contact them prior to the phones being shut off and then I am promised that no fees will be assessed buy then the next person I talk to tells me the reason it is so high is due to the fees and then they promise me to not chargeE but do anyways. And then proceed to shut my phone service off again 2 weeks after I've just paid them over $500!!!In addition I had insurance on each line because 2 of them are for children.  My 10 year old first lost his phone and thr claim was denied for fraud and I could not speak to anyone with the knowledge of how or why my claim was fraud. I then got him another phone I paid for out of pocket and then he broke the screen amd again insurance said it was fraud and would not replace it. I requested tmobike to cancel my insurance on every line and to reimburse me of each month I have paid for insurance ewhen I have been denied my coverage.And now my phone is shut off every two weeks without fail regardless that I am paying about $500 every 2 weeks for 4 phone lines!!DO NOT GO THROUGH TMOBILE!! THEY ARE LIARS AND WILL NOT FOLLOW THROUGH WITH PROGRAMS SUCJ AS INSURANCE THAT HOU PAY MONTHLY FOR BUT WILL NOT BE ABLE TO UTILIZE NOR EVEN GET AN EXPLANATION AS TO WHY IT IS SUPPOSEDLY FRAUD!WILL NEVER RECCOMMENE TMOBILE THEY ARE A SCAM AND A HORRIBLE COMPANY WHO WILL CONTINUOISLY ROB PEOPLE BLIND AND SMILE WHILE THEY DO IT!!"
"This service is trash, they keep adding more fees on your payment. This is the second time they did this and it’s getting annoying. Don’t get their service."
I purchased international data plan at $30 for two phones to travel for ten days and was unable to use any of the 5 gbs on one phone. Whenever I tried to access internet it wouldn’t let me and times out.  I called T mobile and went through automated service only for it to say to call back during business hours. I called when I got back to get refund and they treated me like I was a liar even though the phone showed that 0 out of 5gbs were used. I tried reaching out to managers and they were even worse. I escalated to another manager above two and that person never called back. I have been loyal and never asked for anything from this company but when you sell me a product that doesn’t work and then treat me like dirt for $30 when I pay $230+ per month it is unforgivable. They wanted to refund me half saying it was my fault that I didn’t constantly reach out to them while overseas and figure out when they were open to help me. Huh! They said that the phone was used because it stated for one day out of ten 0.004 kb were used and that the phone was used on the day I left and was still in the U.S. Despicable! Others have complained about bad service and I will make sure that friends who are chief officers at major companies spread the word. And you will lose a bunch of customers for $15!
"Just want to alert everyone that the AT&T/Costco promotion is totally misrepresented. Clearly the AT&T reps (all young) at Costco, desperate to sign on new subscribers, are either 1) not fully informed of and do not understand a package they are selling or 2) could just be very selective in sharing information upfront that would have been a nonstarter for consumers like me. 18 months after signing what I though was a great deal, I I am now stuck in a contract for 3 years which I have to no choice to take to term before I own the  Iphones which, BTW, were marketed as being free upgrades. I actually gave a up an existing AT&T family contract where my phones, now paid off, were returned to AT&T as part of this deal. Numerous calls to various levels of AT&T reps resulted in more frustration and left me with a terrible impression. Prior to signing the ""back hole"" agreement, I had already been with AT&T for 20 years."
Att waited till brother passed away and sent a bogus bill to collections. He cancelled his service after paying his bill went to TMobile to get better charges and after a month he passed away. Att never sent a bill or nothing. Then sent a bogus bill to collections and then sent a letter to lawyer to delay probate. This service is not professional or caring. Would not recommend Att to anyone!
"Don’t waste your time with this company worst company ever. Save your self all the stress and get fios don’t use Tmobile internet you can be in the best standing, automated payment and this company will sneak over 288. Payments in on a 50 dollar bill. Or tell you they can’t help you because you don’t have a Tmobile phone. Or say well you should have taken it off automatic payments then or you can call your bank and tell them. Never missed a payment never been late. But this company steals money when they can. Which they don’t even give a reason at all or tell you why. Best thing I did was switch I haven’t had an issue or an interruption since I switched. Haven’t had any hidden fees of 288. Dollars or 105. And so on. Let’s not forget how they mocked me when I called and asked for a manager purposely calling me a different names. If they had a zero it would be a zero."
"If I can give them -* I willTerrible Service and Zero Resolution – A 7-Month NightmareI’ve been an AT&T customer for years, but the past 7 months have been a nightmare. I have had no service outside, meaning I can’t receive calls, use GPS, or access the internet. This has severely impacted my life, especially since I have kids and need to be reachable in emergencies. Despite calling customer service countless times (each call lasting 3-4 hours), I’ve been bounced from one department to another with no solution.To make matters worse AT&T has been raising my bill every month with no explanation, and they even charged me for international plan when I couldn't even use the service nationally! How am I supposed to use the service international when I can’t even get a signal here at home ?I’ve even gone to the store multiple times, only for them to call customer service again, wasting my time. Today, when I went back, the representative I spoke to was not only unhelpful but also rude in custome rcare her name is wanda i believe. I’ve been more than patient, but this situation has been completely unacceptable.I’m tired of paying for a service that I can’t use. I just want to return my phones and move on, but I’m worried about how it will affect my credit if I stop paying. AT&T’s lack of care and customer support has been incredibly frustrating, and it’s clear that they do not prioritize resolving customer issues. Save yourself the headache and go with a provider that actually values its customers."
Absolutely the worst customer service. I had a problem with my billing so I called the customer service and the woman said yes she can see there's a problem but you can't do anything with it right now. She tells me she will call me back today at 5:00 p.m. so I wait all day at home and she never calls. All they do is lie to you. They don't care if you have to pay more and all I did because I had the Netflix with ads and for $8.50 it said I could have it without the commercials so I go ahead and do it. Big mistake charges me almost $15 instead of the $8.50. So what do I do I just have to go to another phone company and get rid of T-Mobile because they don't care about that they outsource their customer service overseas where they just don't care there. They try to act nice but all you hear is noise in the background because they're all laughing having a good time. They promise you the world but when you have to make it change your account you have to go to an account specialist so you get passed on another 10-15 minutes and then they lie to you.
"I got a new Apple Watch and Vodafone made it really easy to turn on the extra services for it, which I then decided I didn't want to use so turned it off within a week or so. Two months later they were still billing me for it, and turns out while you can sign up with just a tap in the app, turning it off doesn't actually stop the billing. You have to call them and sit and wait on a line for 20 minutes to request the billing to stop even if you turn it off in the app. That's not OK."
"I became a New T-Mobile customer in December of 2023. I got reeled into getting the 5G Home Cell internet service on a trial basis. I got COVID and was unable to bring the unite back in until after the trial period ended, on January 23, 2024. I brought it back because it sucked worse than my DSL. I live in a rural area. T-Mobile did not give a crap & said I would be charged a prorate for the time I had it. Fine, I just didn't want the service and so I asked the T-Mobile rep to cancel it. I also called T-Mobile right after, to let them know to cancel it. T-Mobile's website was problematic. Many times, I was kicked off the website or the website was non-responsive and I was unable to see my account online and so I gave up. I trusted that T-Mobile would charge me for just the cell phone service I signed up for. BIG MISTAKE! I was able to get online without a problem 2 days ago and noticed that T-Mobile is still charging me for equipment I don't have and service I cancelled, that I cannot even utilize without the equipment I turned into T-Mobile back on January 23, 2024. I immediately called T-Mobile and their customer service rep said that they have record of me returning the equipment on January 23, 2024 but they don't have any record of the separate call to them I made, cancelling the 5 G internet service that I cannot even use without the equipment I turned into them. T-Mobile is refusing to refund the $540.00 of false charges over the past 12 months. the T-Mobile rep blamed me for the charges for the service, I was not receiving, because I did not monitor my account & that I did not call T-Mobile to let them know I was being charged for a service I cancelled on January 23, 2024. I am on auto-payment and paperless billing that the T-Mobile's customer service representative sold me on and gave me discounts for agreeing to use, when I signed up. I feel that T-Mobile promotes auto pay & paperless billing on purpose, so that you don't catch T-Mobile right away, in their theft. These charges are fraudulent and T-Mobile knowingly stole my money for equipment and service T-Mobile knows I didn't have and am not even able to use without their equipment. My 5G T-Mobile cell internet # was 928-266-7382. I have filed a complaint with the FCC & the FTC. I will look online to see what other agencies I can file a complaint with, to get my stolen money back."
"We signed up and paid the tax on the phones and router.  Bryan Johnson said he's the main boss of the business unit out of Nashville Tennessee and promised us he would personally handle our getting activated.  He failed to ever answer us back.Then after 5 days we recieved a month's bill for $206.00.  Keep in mind we still don't have internet or use of our new phones and still recieved a bill anyway.After complaining to countless other so called specialists we were told we still have to pay our month's bill even know we sent back all phones and router and never received service.What a bunch of Losers, especially Bryan Johnson!!!"
"If I could give less I would.Got told I could trade in my device to get a credit that would fully cover a new device in order to secure my business. Did so and later found out they're doing that over a 36 month period, something not mentioned at any stage during the sales process.I'm abroad and want to access the second eSIM slot in my phone to get a local plan in the country I'm in. AT&T have my phone locked and won't unlock it due to the balance on the phone from spreading my trade-in credit out over 36 months.Nothing they'll do to allow me access to this second slot. Got told there's a slight extra balance than what my trade in credit gives (annoying but no big deal) problem is if I try pay that early to remove the lock the remaining balance of trade in credits aren't counted and there's nothing they'll do about that.So now I'm stuck in a different country for a month with no phone service from their network and I can't get a local network on my device cause they're blocking it. Shady business practice. Don't do business with AT&T."
I am really hating on this company. I joined using the one switch process in August. They didn't cancel my old account and I have paid for both for 4 months. I called to complain and it's a a 5 minute process before you speak to someone - I finally got through and they put the phone down on me.Terrible experience so far.
There customers service is the worst and they lie they told me my order was coming November 6th lied about that promised me a lot of stuff lied now I have to wait until November 8th which I won’t be home I hope my people at my house can sign for it if not I’m done with t mobile den they didn’t care they was going to send my phone back either way if I didn’t except it something needs to be done with this company
"I don't usually leave reviews (I will try to post this on other sites as well).Our family totally regrets switching to T-Mobile.It is clear that their mission is wear you down, confuse you, and leave you feeling angry and confused.DO NOT fall for the ""Keep and Switch"" promotion. It is a total scam. The website for the rebate submission doesn't work. The email address they told me to use bounced back ""email full"". The countless hours of phone calls and re-explaining the situation is insane.I feel like a total loser for getting involved with this company.I hope this review helps someone make a better decision than we did."
"Was a customer for years with no complaints until i moved house. I gave Vodafone 3 weeks notice to switch to my new house. Initial call was a sales call where they upgraded the package and signed me up to a mobile phone contract with them. They passed me through to 'easy switch' team to manage the disconnection and connection at the new property - this was the most laborious and ineffective process i've ever experienced.After going through all the terms and security questions (that I'd already gone through with the sales team) I'd been on the phone for an hour and a half. However, they could only arrange a connection in the next few days (i was moving in 3 weeks) so called me the following tuesday to get a date closer to move-in. I had to go through all the same scripting again on that call and the connection was booked for the day before we moved in.I then received a call/text a few days before the move to say they could no longer offer the arranged connection date. So i had to call them back, go through the same scripted telephone conversation again - afterwhich they told me they could connect a week after we move into the new property.We both work from home so internet is vital (which is why i gave them 3 weeks notice). The 'easy switch' process is anything but. Hours and hours on the phone with them answering the same questions and listening to the same script only for them not toCall handlers failed to understand the simple outcome i (and anyone else moving house) needs, which is ""I want to move in on xxx date and I want the internet to commence before i move in"". Instead, call handlers just talk at you and give you options and information that is not relevant or helpful - over and over again.When i called to complain they didn't really seem to understand what a complaint was and how to handle it. At one point, someone rang me back then put me on hold just to return and say they had referred me to a manager who would ring me back tomorrow. Not much help to me after i'd cancelled the contract!Just a mess of a process and call handlers who didn't seem to grasp what I needed/wanted from their service. I would avoid moving house with them - much simpler and easier to go with a new provider."
"The installation was fine and the engineers were polite and did a very neat job. However, I am having huge issues in connecting my printer which is vital and essential. I don’t know whether the responsibility of this lies with Vodafone, my provider, or City Fibre but it is something that someone, somewhere needs to sort out so that connection of printers is easier."
"One of the reasons I've stayed with Vodafone for so long is the rewards especially the Friday ones, however since renewing my contract haven't received anything for 9 weeks.  Chatted with Vodafone several times about this and constantly get fobbed off with nonsense.  I have another contract and broadband that I will be cancelling shortly."
"I was scammed by someone working inside ATT. Someone called me with full information on my account, including the fact that I had called a week earlier to inquire about lowering my bill. The rep said that ATT wanted to keep their loyal customers. Texts were arriving from the ATT thread. I was offered a significant discount.  Long story short, I gave my credit card info. Shortly after that, I received a notification from my bank that  $240 was charged to my card. I became suspicious and called my bank and ATT. This began a now 2 month process of trying to get refunded. The case was verified as fraudulent by ATT. Their executive office contacted me and assured everything would be taken care of.  Since then, I have called multiple times and spoken to many individuals.  Each individual personally was nice but collectively, horrible customer service. Every person told me something different. As if each person is reading from a different book. Currently, 2 months have passed; still no refund. They care less about loosing a very long time customer, like me. Anyone know how to contact the executive department and not the robots?"
"THEY WILL SCAM YOU!!! DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT FOR YOUR OWN FINANCIAL SAFETY EVER USE AT&T. YOU WILL GET SCAMMED.AT&T has been charging my account since October 2022 fraudulently. I moved apartments and cancelled my services with them in October 2022. They then requested I send back the equipment which I did. They continued charging me every month for 2 years and NEVER sent a single notification via email or mail that they were charging me monthly. They kept charging me after I cancelled their services and returned their equipment. Two weeks ago, I discovered they were doing this and called them to be refunded for those backdated months. The employee named Sandro (account manager, in the loyalty department) told us to cancel it again on august 7th 2024 so we would not continue to be charged and said he would open an investigation. He said the investigation takes up to about 7 days to process so to call back then. Upon calling back 8 times since then, I have not had a single representative able to help us move the process along or have any information to give us. Today, I called back again (and was escalated to several managers) and they told us that if we had kept the account open and not cancelled it with Sandro, then right now they would’ve been able to backdate the cancellation so we could have been reimbursed for those months. So an AT&T representative guided us in the complete wrong way and now caused us not to be able to be reimbursed for those charges. Not to mention, AT&T can check the usage and see that we were not using their services at all since October 2022 (when we moved out of our apartment) AND have an email confirmation for returning their equipment. Every representative kept telling us there is no record of a cancellation so we basically are correctly being charged. How can that be possible when I have a confirmation of returning the equipment? Did I just randomly want to return your equipment and continue paying for internet even though I don’t even have your equipment and no longer live there? makes no sense. Then they tried to say the returned equipment could be for a reason unrelated to the cancellation, like maybe an exchange. BUT THEN WHERE IS MY EXCHANGE? There is no exchange. It was for a cancellation. I have been on the phone cumulatively for over 6 hours trying to resolve this issue and no one even cares to help me in a meaningful way. I have been transferred to Loyalty, Customer Service,Billing, even Collection. The worst part is despite all of this headache, numerous phone reps will put me on hold and just never return. I have dealt with this so many times, I’m not sure if this is a tactic to get off the call Scott free when they cannot figure out what to do, but please try to imagine how annoying that would be. Every manager has told me the best they can do is credit my account for 1 month of the back dated charges. How can a company like AT&T have such an abysmal resolution process? I will be sharing this story with as many friends and family members as possible"
"I have been a customer of Vodafone UK for over 20 years and I never missed one payment yet ,despite a decent credit report , I have been refused credit for a new device without reasonable explanation . Whatever system they are using for their credit checks ,it is flawed , do not put yourself through the embarrassment of getting refused credit , go to a decent company that respects and appreciates their customers . Customer service from Vodafone has been non-existent throughout this process ,basically I am dealing with foreign call centres and people at these places are poorly trained and  do not understand English ."
"Already regretting about changing to AT&T. They offered me a bundle credit and trade in credits but what no one told me was that credits appeared 2-3 billing cycles after, so I’ll be paying way more money for that than what I originally agreed to pay until the credits are applied, who knows when. Don’t fall for it !!!"
"Went to upgrade my iPad and see about my bill. The lady representative said she saw I was on an old “grandfathered”plan and she could get me on a new plan that would lower my bill and get me a bundle that would get me a rebate Visa card etc etc…..I bought it hook, line, and sinker…..got my iPad, new plan, and took her advice because she was looking out for the customer right? WRONG. My bill ended up increasing by over $50. Representative straight up lied to me about the plan and bill charges…I guess to just get the sales. Anyhow, I have since cancelled my ATT internet and now have ported my number over to a new company. Paid off my $1500 iPad so I could move that service as well to the new company. Money is not the object, it is the principle of what happened and how it was done. So because of a very poor representative, ATT lost a 15+ year customer. if this is the type of people that represent you, I have ZERO interest in ever spending another penny with ATT. Very poor company standards."
"My service was supposed to be activated on the 10th October. As of the time of writing this it's now the 22nd and I still have no service.The first week involved several calls where support asked me to repeatedly prove that I know how to connect my router and repeat the same troubleshooting steps over and over. I mentioned this to one technical who replied 'well you haven't done the steps with me'.Another technician promised that it was all sorted and that all I had to do was reset my router one last time. Of course it didn't work.I was later informed that 3rd line support had rejected the escalation and sent back down to try further troubleshooting.Upon asking for an engineer another technician promised me there was no need for one and that the fault was not with the line.This period was followed by consecutive days of 'it's with an internal team we'll provide an update in 24 hours' over and over again, with no meaningful update ever materialising and instead getting a lot of platitudes.Eventually after speaking to a manager, it was acknowledged that an Openreach engineer was in fact, required and arranged.They are now finally working on it but it should never have taken this long to get to that point. Tomorrow is the final day of my cooling off period and I will likely be cancelling my contract. The only reason I've not done so already is because it would come with a financial penalty in terms of offers etc. However it feels a risk given the level of service I've experienced so far.Update: as you can probably tell from their pretty useless response to this, the issue never was resolved (I continued to get the 24 hours line) and I cancelled just before my 14 day cooling off period began. The killer though, is that when I got sent a 'final bill' a month later charging me for the 2 weeks I never had plus another 2 weeks after I cancelled just for fun."
"I purchased an Unlimited Sim card with Vodafone to be used with my mobile on Hot Spot for £33 PM. (which went up straight away to £36 PM) It worked for the first 2 months, I then moved address to Iver to an area that Vodafone assured me would have good reception.Here I get no signal, and fellow residents around this area say that Vodafone doesn't work in this part of town. I then contacted Vodafone who just say on there records there is good signal here, and would not help. I said that I would only make further monthly payments when they provide a service. They smugly said just carry on paying the bill or I would have debt collectors visit, so they want me to pay for a service that I am not receiving for the contractual period of 3 years at a thousand pounds for no service. I am a pensioner and can't afford to throw away money like this.I put up with this for a further 3 months and stopped paying, and now they are pursuing with collections agents.I have informed Vodafone that I will pay the arrears and the monthly payments only when they provide the service that our contract is for."
