"They charged me for a year, 2 phone lines while I didn't have a single one! When I looked at the account, there's a random number I've never had! You'd think they'd apologize and refund me, but instead, they told me I should've checked my account! Pathetic! T-Mobile = Scammers"
"Abysmal customer service! For 5 days we've been told to wait 24 hours for our 500mpbs speed Internet to work but it's reaching no higher than 75.1mpbs! Had an open reach tech come out to be told they've sold us the 80mpbs package and not upgraded it, and they should know and see this clearly when we call and complain. Still awaiting a resolution and just want to leave the company at this point and go for sky!!"
"Have spent 4 days trying to get a contract for my house. System keeps telling me my personal details are wrong. They are not wrong. No one at Vodafone is able to help as I was trying to sign up via moneysupermarket.com where I was going to get voucher for £100. If I get help from Vodaphone I loose the £100? Their system is not fit for purpose and it is going to cost me money. Wrote an e mail complaing, then filled in complaints form. Vodafone wrote and said they would contact me by phone. Four days later staff at Vodafone have not worked out how to ring me on my mobile phone. Not a Vodafone one, thank god, but on their network. I have been told nothing but lies that they had called me a number of times. To add insult to injury I am a shareholder! Have told them! Still treated badly. Ah well I am very disappointed. I have terminated my contract with my previous supplier. Unfortunately where we live there are few suppliers and even fewer offering a telephone connection. Mobile signal in house is very poor. I am on holiday at the moment so have use of internet. When I return home I have no way of getting this sorted. Thanks Vodaphone UK."
I have six accounts with at&t.The county changed the addresses on our road about 7 years ago every time I call to give them the proper address they tell me they have no service at the new address. Keep in mind i already have service at the physical location already. They tell me if I change the address I CANT get service so I cant give them the proper address that would be a problem with a 911 call going to an address that no longer exists.please someone with common sense help with this matter.
"Terrible service in the aberdeen area, pay for the full fibre 900 and for long periods of time over the last 4 months the speeds have been less than 10% of what I should get, often going below 10mbps, guaranteed speed is 450mbps, customer services go through the usual motions of switching everything off and on again until they eventually blame cityfibre who own the lines, however having done my research it seems that the other providers that use cityfibre lines don't have this issue... go figure, the worst part, can't leave without paying an extortionate termination fee due to temporary fixes meaning the low speeds aren't 30 days concurrent. AVOID AT ALL COSTSEdit to reply to below,Yeah, called your number to cancel, low and behold, through to technical department again, stating they need 48 hours for changes to be seen, as if, just stalling passing customers from pillar to post, so thank you vodafone uk for your irrelevant input"
"Horrible service and even worst customer service! On the phone for damn near 3 hours to add TWO LINES! What did Micheal the supervisor do, LIE! Talking about this would be easy yada ya. At the end of allat shi this mofo transfers me to an even worst agent that supposed to activate the lines, VANESSA a trash ass rep. REFUSES TO PUT A SUPERVISOR ON THE PHONE AND NEVER ACTIVATED NEITHER LINE! We will be switching to T-MOBILE."
"You must be very careful with this company and the extra charges they put on your bill. It is very important that you know that even if you are using your phone in airplane mode, with Wi-Fi they will still charge you for roaming. Their operating mode is to steal in one way or another."
"AT&T is a joke, they costumer service is useless, I cannot sign into my account and, they are asking for security questions, I have never seen before. so, I cannot get into my email. call after call and they told me it could take up to 30 days to get it fixed.  well time is up. still trying to get help, I need information that is in my email, I contact my cancer Dr with my email, also I have a lawyer I need to get information from my email to contact but they act like they do not care. I don't know what to do. as big as AT&T is you would think they could take care of a little email problem. I spoke today (9/16/24) to a guy and said they could not help me."
"Service is the best I've found, where i live.(BUT)! Why is it everytime they download something to my phone for an update it screws my phone up?!?!?!?!?!Right after DL some of my APPS don't work, I then have to REPLACE the App! I send a text message now and some kind of advertisement come up in the (D--)!!! TEXT!!! I would ask that no more DL' be sent to my phone, but then they would have some kind excuses as to why they do it, like it's a benefit to ME/AND I'M SURE THEY KNOW, WE KNOW ITS  (D--) LIE!!!Well if our Government does it then is OK, BUT NOT WITH ME!I don't desire a text, or an email telling me how sorry you are for my troubles because, I CANT STAND BEING LIED TO!!!"
"Would be a 0 have been on repair hold for over 3 hours now over a broken wire at my parents house. I have been given 4 different numbers to call and back to second number. At att they have no clue how to treat a customer. I can wait my turn but this is definitely the corporate run around. If I hear my department don't handle that one more time, we will cancel service and find a company that values a customer.It's all att get it together and forget about what services they ordered."
"Disconnected my number without warning, when I went to a branch for support, they were not interested in helping. Other networks are better."
l don`t know what l am paying for half the time you are not working or you are very very f...... slow  and you reckon you are the best oh l
THIS MAY BE AN AUTHORED DEALER BUT AT&T HAS THE WORST SERVICE. I JOINED MY HUSBAND PLAN SO WE CAN SAVE AND IT HAS BEEN THE WORST EXPERIENCE. MY DAUGHTER IS IN COLLEGE AND HER SERVICE IS NO GOOD UNLESS CONNECTED TO THE WIFI. MINE PHONE SERVICE DOESN'T EVEN WORK WHEN I GO OUT OF TOWN. THEY ARE HORRIBLE. IF YOU THINKING OF GETTING AT&T DON'T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Signing up for AT&T’s dedicated internet service has been one of the worst decisions our business has ever made. Despite having a signed contract outlining the agreed-upon costs, AT&T has charged us far more. To make matters worse, they’ve failed to apply the California Teleconnect Fund (CTF) credits that were clearly included in the agreement.When we’ve tried to fix these issues, their customer service has been an absolute disaster. They give nothing but false promises and empty reassurances. Every time we contact them, we’re passed off to another representative, creating an endless cycle of frustration with no resolution in sight.AT&T’s lack of accountability and their failure to honor their contracts has been a major regret. Avoid AT&T Business at all costs—it’s simply not worth the headache or the expense."
I only ever saw John in the store. As he is no longer there I will not go into the store again. The staff in the store now does not want to help older people.
"My experience with AT&T has been nothing short of a nightmare. It began when they accessed my backyard without permission while I wasn’t home, and during this time, a laptop was stolen. Despite raising concerns, nothing was done about the theft—no compensation, no accountability.Fast forward about a year later, when I attempted to deny AT&T technicians access to the utility pole on my property due to a lack of easement. Instead of handling the matter professionally, the technician refused to leave when asked, and the situation escalated alarmingly: I was threatened with a gun and bullied on my own property.The police were contacted, and a report was filed. However, even after AT&T conducted an ""investigation,"" no meaningful action was taken. Their resolution? Terminating my service. This response felt more like retaliation than a solution.AT&T's handling of these incidents demonstrated an utter lack of accountability, professionalism, and respect for customer safety and property rights. I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this company to anyone."
"I was given AT & T reward card with a value of $ 100.00Apparently there was some renovation going in house, entire floor remodeling including kitchen remodeling and we by mistake lost/ misplaced our reward card. The reward card was dated with expiration date of 4/24. We found that lost/misplaced card upon completion of remodeling, but it was too late since card was expired. I called reward card service and they mentioned may be AT & T customer service can help since card was issued with promotional services. Called customer service and based on talk with them, they refer back to card services.If both divisions belongs to AT & T one of them should able to resolve the matter with some kind of compensation/ replacement of card. But my all effort gone in vain. Not only that customer service even mentioned that we can reduced your phone bill by reducing your speed and that way you can save $ 10.00 per month in bill and recover your loss in next 10 month or so. I don’t understand that approach at all.At least they could have offered other way  by mentioning that ok let’s reduce your bill or give you break in different way to compensate.In my case basically it’s a total loss for me.I learned my lesson. I will wait and see what other companies will offer after such experience."
"I had a balance on my account which I requested to be credited into my bank account 5 weeks ago. I got back to them 4 times so far, and they finally credited a small amount of my balance. I am wondering how long it`s gonna take and how many times I have to get in touch with them until I get the total amount back. They treat customers as fools"
"They are horrible , a barrage wait time on the phone is 2 hours , took them 2 days to hook up wifi to my house while previously it would take about 3 hours , they don’t communicate or compensate, do not waste your money here, you’re better off using your data."
They took 1731.96 out of my account for phones I sent back. The shipping labels proved they received them and they still charged me and refused to give me a refund.
"Called to get internet service 1 month ago they failed to tell me that all employees are on strike and instead lead me to believe they would set up service 1 week from call date , that day came and went with no calls and no one showed up so i called and was advised then that they did not have any techs available and set us up for another apointment , 3 weeks later i get a text message on 9-11-2024 at 4 pm that they can not provide us with the service and they would call in another 7 days to rech service . DONT FNG  BOTHER . your service sucks if you can not even give customers a call and not the day before at 4pm that now you  can not provide service due to your employees not wanting to work you will never again get me to get service from you this is the worst experience i ever got from any company in 43 years , on top of all this i called to ask for a supervisor been on hold now 45 minutes im DONE ."
"If I could give 0 stars I would. Went into the shop and bought 24 month contract for sim only and broadband. After almost a week I wasn’t connected properly to my phone contract and I spent about 7 hours on the phone with the most useless tech support, every day telling me it will be within 24 hrs. Never shall I grace their door again."
The customer service was very rude and unprofessional.i have  being using mobile and WiFi connection to my residence for so many years but when i wanted to get my prepaid existing number change of my daughters to monthly plan the agent dint even care to offer me the packages instead trying to promote me a new number once. I scanned the qr for customer feedback his total actions change and was more friendly.but I still don’t want to complain but had to now after even so many times requesting for the same number to be activated he has just activated a new number when we put the new SIM card by the agent.i expected more better customer service from this outlet.
"I have been an ATT customer for 25+ years. My cousin passed away on 9/24 and I have been trying to return the iPhone that she purchased under installments in August. For almost 2 months I have spent countless hours either on hold or put in phone loops at ATT. No one knows what to do for me to send the phone back. I was told by a rep to take the phone to an ATT store and they could ship back. ATT store told me that they could not ship back and that they could not print off a shipping label. I was advised to go to a UPS store and give them her account number and they could print off a shipping label. UPS store stated that I needed to come with the label. I have tried to do the right thing with no help. I can’t even properly grieve the loss of my cousin for the hold times, the transfer times, the driving in car to stores. Your process for something like this is broken. All I need is a shipping label. Your reps have no sympathy or empathy for something like this."
"Their 8DAYEUROPE Fee excludes Turkey, but they hide that fact when you initiate it . So an extra charge of £42 for 5 day trip. Rip off."
"asked tamworth shop to help with update of whatsapp.guy in shop did something to my phone and gave it back saying for me to carry on . im 78 and not really up to speed with this so asked if he could help furthur . he then said it would cost me £25 for his time . then spoke to his colleague , i assumed was his manager, who said it had been company policy for years .my advice would be to avoid vodaphone unless you are an expert with mobiles."
"Awful, the advisor Ammr told me that I need to take out more lines when I only want one to get a special discount on my monthly bill if I then returned them a couple of days later.This sounds very dodge to me, as if it's something that benefits him and or vodafone. I decided that I would go elsewhere so I'm not being taken advantage of.I hope this gets raised as I'm concerned that other people have been tricked into doing this."
High prices at a high cost. Data breach after data breach. Companies tell us to protect our passwords looks like AT&T should do the same.
"I paid my brothers phone bill until his death on Sunday. I asked ATT to cancel that line. Kelly was extremely helpful and courteous. I upgraded my phones last June and the young man added another line to my account that was at no additional cost to me. I decided to cancel that line as well. Problem was he attached the installment plan for my upgraded phone to the new number. ATT will not attach the installment to my original phone number so to cancel that line I have to pay the phone off ($555.00). Lesson learned, ATT just sucks and I would advise you not to use them. You’re welcome."
"WE HAVE BEEN OUT OF SERVICE FOR 2 DAYS WITH NO WAY OF FINDING OUT WHEN IT WILL BE BACK ON... THE APP IS TERRIBLE,  THE CALL CENTER IS EVEN WORSE .. WITH ALL THAT SAID THE INTERNET SERVICE IS THE SLOWEST IN THE AREA. SPECTRUM IS FASTER BUT UNRELIABLE."
Internet outages - I have had 226 outages since MIDNIGHT last night.  I run a network monitoring tool on my computer that pings 3 of the major internet domain name servers every 2 seconds.  When the monitor tells me it is offline I cannot connect my browser to the internet and my streaming TV picture locks up. This is a running problem for over 7 months.  I get so tired of their canned menu driven troubleshooting process - I have rebooted my router over 100 times to no avail.  They replaced it three times since last December but I still have issues. I bought a new computer to eliminate my equipment as the cause. I replaced all my ethernet wiring with cat 6e.  Still have this problem. No alternative available due to some agreement the neighborhood developer made with AT&T so they are the only provider allowed here. I cannot trust my connection to do medical or banking transactions - I am baffled....
"I would give them a zero if I could. We had ATT for business phones, they sent a representative to our office named Jarod that said he had a great deal and we should switch to their cell service. We changed and were told and sent a paper that our bill would be $290 - much to our surprise the bill was $1600. We have made several attempts to get them to contact us and also to went to a store to get this fixed.  We were told they could make sure this transition would be easy and smooth and I asked three times that the $290 would be my first bill. Do not listen to this garbage and the billing that they screw you out of your money and then give you some crap that months up the road your bill will be lower!"
"They have by far the WORST cell service in the country I have to drive 3 miles from my house to get one bar to be able to call someone, it’s absolutely ridiculous. I randomly lose cell service all the time even while in town. Verizon was 10x better than this garbage!"
"I waited for almost 30 minutes with 1 girl helping another couple. She never said a word to me the entire time. Then in walks a.man with food. He walks to the back stays gone a few minutes then comes to help me. He was extremely rude as I told him I was glad he was there as I've been waited almost 30 minutes. He said no...nore like 25. I took my phone and said I'll go elsewhere. He said we'll thus is MY store and I replied that I was HIS customer. He was rude, arrogant and looked like he was on something."
"Worst phone company and broadband I've ever had. Paying for two contracts when I clearly cancelled June 2024, no refund and then mentioned I should be charged £180 cancellation fee. No offer for refund. So finally get the new sim of the upgraded contract, takes 18 days to arrive and now doesn't work, because they said it was ""lost"" in the post and will be sent a new one. Moved into our home may 2024, broadband didn't work for 6 weeks. Now I'm chained to them for another two years. Quite frankly can't wait to leave."
"November 14th, I place an order, receive confirmation, all ok.  November 15th, I call up just to ask some details only for them to tell me my order was cancelled the day before however I had not been told, if I hadn't called I would probably be waiting on installation day only for nobody to show up. Apparently they can't even schedule for a new installation until the previous tenant is out, can't we schedule things in advance this day and age.  They then tell you to wait until the previous tenant moves out before even scheduling the new install and by the way then you need to wait 2 weeks for installation, what, to turn a service on?  So I wait until November 23rd after the previous tenant moves out and has their service with vodafone terminated, make my order, receive an installation date of December 10th, great.  December 3rd, I call, ask if we can't speed things up as the previous tenant also had Vodafone full fibre service and I even have my own equipment, why can't I plug it in and they activate my service.  Nope, not possible, they want to send engineers out to dig up the garden and lay more fibre lines which was just already done for the previous tenant, oh, and at the same time I am told ""things on the back end somehow got turned around and we haven't even scheduled your installation"" so now it's been put back to the 16th.  If I had not called in on the 3rd would I now be waiting around on the 10th only to then be told installation would be around the 24th ie two weeks out.  Not only this but I have had issues with account creation and because so many things went wrong I will also miss out on the £75 voucher during sign up.  What a joke, I have had service installations all around the world and never anything like this, and you get told sorry sorry sorry but the only solution is that your installation gets pushed more and more back.  I just moved into a new place and need internet to buy furniture, set up smart devices etc but sorry, just wait a few more weeks.  My expectations at this point is they will mess up the scheduling again and I'll be lucky to get installed before new year.December 7th Update.The previous agent who placed my new order on December 3rd for installation on the 16th had promised to call me back and update me on the order status, I never heard from them.Here we are on December 7th, I call in, how is the status of my order I ask, ""oh sir, it's ben cancelled"", are you serious, why, who cancelled it and didn't even bother to notify me?New agent, we can place the order again, new installation date earliest available is December 19th...I wish I could give negative stars, this is the most disgusting level of service I have had in my 45 years on this planet from any provider on any continent I have lived.January 2nd 2025 Update.6 weeks after initial contact and countless calls and promises and guess what, still no installation, even promises from so called supervisors / customer support specialists to keep track of your order to make sure it completes and keep you informed, guess what, no order completed and you don't hear from them unless you call them and then you get the usual so sorry but not really sorry garbage.I am out...."
I shipped an ATT Uverse modem from Indiana to Michigan in 2016.  It was reported never shipped. ATT has agreement with UPS not to keep record.  This has affected my credit score for years.  This is corruption.  ATT cannot verify my shipment.
"Update of my 28 Dec Review. Although i have proved my broadband is 27MB/s slower than the guaranteed minimum speed, my proof is not enough (ex BB engineer). They have basically said, that's it, it's your kit, live with it. They are mis-selling their packages, I believe they are over subscribed and their core cannot cope. I am searching for another provider. Choose another provider."
"This company's software will flag your account. Lock your card, keep you from accessing your money and they won't do anything about it. They'll refresh your card and you have to wait 24 hours to access your money. This place is c*** I would not recommend it to anybody."
I would give this a minus star if I  could I had an emergency problem and this phone keeps hanging up its a disaster I recommend any one to research this company before doing business with them it's the worst service ever
"Vodafone,  I rang to get some help about my bill in July 2024 to explain the double payment the call handler was rude and spoke over me.  I rang again as the same thing happened in October 2024, I requested to discuss this with someone in charge as I was getting no help.  I was kept waiting on the phone for 30mins with no explanation.  I will take this further."
I gave one because I can't put none but I buy my Samsung Flip 5 inside of a promotion and in the promotion doesn't said that need to buy it online and both customer service and neither a manager could help me with this offers and I buy it inside of the offer
Absolutely shocking. Had broadband since March and had nothing but issues. Constantly calling to be told no issues. Now I have no broadband service at all to be told can't get anyone out until Tuesday. So I have to go from yesterday until Tuesday with no Internet at home. Can't work. Can't watch TV. Get it together Vodafone. I will be cancelling my dd and not paying for any services until you fix the issues
"worst service ever !! Im in Thailand all my friends either had a ESIM card or their Carrier  gave them either free days or signed them up for a one month international plan at a very good price .AT&T Does neither ! You can NOT get a intl plan you have to pay 12.99 a Day! You can NOT use a SIM card, AT&T  Carrier will not allow it unless your phone is paid off and even then only certain ones .. so I have to pay 190.00 for 2 week vacation. And they said today counted because I called THEM!! would not even credit me for calling them .. They just want you to give more money to them!!I’m a Realtor in Washington and since I switched , I can’t tell you how bad the service is , literally showing a house in the city and No service !! embarrassing to clients  !! switching carriers as soon as I get Back !! Horrible Company!"
I have been LOYAL customer for close to 20 that is twenty years and lately they have chosen me my account to be slowest internet speed 4.12 down load speed and upload of 1.32 that is a disgrace for your service of $55 dollars a month
I NEVER get my promo credit! They NEVER HAVE MY BILL THE SAME! The customer service is TRASH! They steal customers Money! The service is just crap! I don’t understand why I have to call monthly and I still don’t get MY CREDIT! This is complete crap! GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!
Don’t do it.  Loyalty stands for nothing with this company.  The service is subpar.  I get kicked off the internet at home frequently.
"Bought a new phone and had to send my old phone in for credit.  I explained to the ""service""(joke) rep that i was in remote Alaska and it would take at least one month for my old phone to get back to them and not to charge me if it was past the due date.  They said no problem, and then added a 300 dollar charge to my account because my phone got there three days late.  No one can help me, not one rep offered any solution.  I really hate dealing with this company."
Don’t get AT&T they are not honest about their pricing
"ATT customer is the ABSOLUTE worst that I have ever encountered. I own a business and if my customer service was as bad as ATT I would be out of business.  An ATT representative disabled my ATT.net email while trying to make another change three days ago.  So far I have spoken with literally 17 customer service reps, chatted online with 5, and visited my regions ATT corporate store.  And after spending HOURS AND HOURS ON HOLD, have not received one bit of assistance in fixing the problem.  Went back to the corporate store today and complained to a manager (the assistant store manager - Jonesboro, AR) about the horrible customer service.   His reply was that if I didn’t like the service to go somewhere else.  After three days of this…I AM BEYOND READY TO CHANGE CARRIERS!!!!  I need access to my email NOW!!!!"
Well let’s start with the fact that I’ve had T-Mobile for quite sometime and yet they decided to screw me over with international calls. I went overseas for work for 2 months. My phone was on WiFi calling I made sure and this isn’t my first time overseas doing this. They told me I had $434 charges in international calls and I argued with them but unfortunately they sent it to collections. So my advice to anyone is to steer clear of Tmobile and as a veteran I do not recommend them. Money hungry companies like this need to be shut down and they need to be held accountable for destroying peoples credit. Funny how phone companies don’t boost your credit yet they can destroy your credit… Seems fair.
"I called to open and account and port my existing number (from family plan) to this new account. 15 days later, 6 representatives on the phone and 2 visits to the physical store:1. The price per month is higher than was quoted on opening the account and the plan is different2. the porting was problematic and i had to deal with it with 5 different people3. once the ""temporary"" number was canceled, i was locked out of my account as this was the number still used for text to log me in4. I was charged for 2 lines, when i only opened an account for one line and i explained this to 5 different people.5. incompetent Customer Service reps and multiple departments handing the same issue.End result: 15 days later i'm on a trip still dealing with it for hours and it's not done.Can't get ""transfer my phone to a new T-mobile account"" TODO off my list in 15 days."
"Went with them and ported my number over , previous provider gave me a better deal to stay and they were unable to give me a new PUK number making it impossible to leave them , I logged a complaint and then they cancelled my number and now I am unable to retreieve it even when I went into the shop with my ID as Ive been told to do for nothing , Very unhelpful never ever go with them"
"More than 2 weeks vodafone Egypt not able to fix my issue, I am not receiving sms from outside of Egypt, is anybody care about real customer service over here, no, they just make tries and failed time after time, and every time the CS just say in 24 hours it will be solved, in 48 hours it will be solved, I escalated the issue and it will be solved, and nothing is solved,Egypt CS is useless, totally useless !!"
"First, I filled out all the info on the website, and everything seemed okay; after hitting the ""Submit order"" button, I was redirected to a screen with a message saying that it might take ""up to 2 minutes."". 30 minutes later, it was still showing the same message. I contacted their support via chat, and they advised me to try again. So..., I tried again. I went to the final order confirmation screen and hit submit, but it got stuck again.I contacted the support again; TOBi (their ""AI"" chat) asked the same questions repeatedly, clearly losing all context from the previous session. Eventually, I connected to a super helpful agent who offered to create the account and manually sign me up for the broadband. It took forever, but we worked through all the details, verified my ID, did the credit check, and agreed to all the contractual details. Then, just as we were about done, the chat just disconnected. No message, no error. Just nothing,Reloaded the screen, only for a chat to start all over again. TOBi is pretty retarded, asking the same circuitous questions... Eventually, I got connected to a new agent. I asked if I could be transferred back to the previous agent and was told they couldn't do that. Had to answer all the security questions all over again (despite being logged in to the account at this point!)Long story short, the new agent said I'd have to start the whole process again, verify my ID, provide all my details, do a credit check, etc. At this point, I just said, ""No, thank you."" By this point, I had been trying to sign up for broadband for three hours, and I reached my limit. The agent was thankfully understanding, but yeah...I went with Plusnet. It literally took me 5 minutes to sign up, create an account, and transfer from my current provider. Amazing."
"Had three weeks to set everything up, still nothing works, I have to wait till midnight, apparently for the service to go live.The agent didn't find any of the records from the previous conversation (few hours ago), so the team are either lying about keeping those records or him not being able to find them."
Moved for talk talk with no problems but got a better price from Vodafone. Had nothing but trouble since moved. The Vodafone router is rubbish and does not reach WiFi in to my room so rang Vodafone and now say I need a booster and need to upgrade. When I first took it out they said there modem was the best . Spent hours on phone what a bad service.
GARBAGE COMPANY. Can’t wait to get Verizon. I don’t even know why I gave these guys a chance what a joke. I didn’t know I would be charged for international minutes at 3 dollars a minute! A 30 minute phone call cost me almost a 100$ and they won’t waive it. Goodbye never EVER again.
Their sales representing stole my phones and never gave me credit. F CK ATT. F cking crooks
"My phone line installation through BT was cancelled without Vodafone telling me. Stayed in for the appointment, nothing. Called Vodafone to see why, there had been an issue with the switch; again they made no attempt to contact me to resolve the issue or to cancel the appointment. I complained and had to start the entire process again. Because I had originally done this through a 3rd party reward (£125 gift card) I lost the incentive due to it being 3rd party and not available anymore. I complained as I had to wait another 4-6 weeks for the installation process. This was brought forward thankfully and I was advised they would provide compensation for the troubles; never happened.After a few months calls began to appear on our bill. We have no landlines phone, never plugged one in and never made a single call. Yet all they would say is they're ""legitimate"" calls. The first manager who dealt with this (in June) was excellent. Sorted out the charges and at my request but a call bar on the line to stop further charges appearing. Every month since we have been charged with calls, no one is taking my complaint seriously. They just like to point out all the ""charges"" of hundreds that are against our landlines. I've been in touch with the fraud team, line has not been hacked, so nothing else is worth investigating. I am always refused when I ask to speak to someone other then the basic call agent. It always has to be a callback upto 24 hours later. I'm refused when I ask to speak to complaints, I ask the issue to be escalated and still nothing. Today I even had an agent tell me that you can not bar landlines to stop calls being made and refused to let me speak about the complaint to anyone else.The agent even told me there was nothing I could do, no external governing bodies even denying a ombudsman could be used. He denied everything until I mentioned CISAS and then still refused me the chance to speak to anyone else and I'd have to wait 24 hours.6 months of the same issue and I'm treated like this? Congratulations Vodafone for not helping me at all**Update**Interesting how they have been in touch so much since I put my complaint into the sphere. After speaking to different people, none of which told me they had cancelled my contract, they have resolved the charges but then the complaints team told me it was cancelled and that they could not restore it, even though their mistakes caused the whole problem. If I wanted it back I would have to go through the whole process from the beginning to start a new contract. Utterly ridiculous, why would I be willing to start a new contract after all this? Gone to Plus net, cheaper, quicker and no phone line which take this whole issue out of the equation."
"I’ve had T-Mobile internet for less than a month. It has been down three times with no notice, even when it’s planned maintenance.This is 2023 T-Mobile, you should have;1 sent out notices2 have an automated line for outages because your outsource help is less than worthless.3 have number that will update on your outages.Knock knock, it’s almost 2024."
"Always been with BT who are very reliable but too expensive so wanted to give Vodafone a go and i regret my decision. 24h from the activation day the router just died completely so was left without broadband for more than 3 days and had to drive to work from the office. When the new router arrived, the speeds have been fluctuating so much. At times instead of the contract 150Mbs i got around 1Mbs in the evening and and now while working in the morning between 3 and 45Mbs of download speed. Thankfully i’m still in a 14 day cooling off period to switch to Sky. What’s worse is i’m in Newbury where the Vodafone headquarters are and i get even worse service! It is also not very clear what number to call when there are issues and you need to use their awful chat service which slows things down."
Edit to Vodafone response below . I have tried phoning customer services for hours . No one had a clue to resolve the issue. Wasted hours .(Main message)I had to leave this company after poor customer service .Their customer service via the app chat atrocious . Wouldn’t help me with a simple contract merge . They wanted me to pay for two accounts simultaneously. Even though it’s one account as I upgraded. Then I have to pay 30days extra even though I am out of contract and gave notice to cancel
"Terrible company owes me $1100, was rude; just terrible. Now dragging me along. Stay wat"
HorribleWe haven’t even been with them a month & I want to leave which I would if it wouldn’t effect credit. I will only list a few things 1st they lied in store we switched over from our another company which we liked only reason we switched was due to the in store customer service at location near us. ((I regret leaving now) they offered us a great deal on phones watches etc the one watch they did not have at the moment gentlemen helping us said come back Thursday(was Tuesday we were there) offer will still be good we can override the fee u will get watch for same price which was $26 so we got the one went back Thursday get to the second watch all of a sudden things changed can’t do it wanted well over $100 which I would of if they said that but I was pissed and they should of honored it like they said so I left annoyed.So that was that then they still set watch up and had linked to our phone yet never received watch was a biotch to get that corrected couldn’t do it in the store(of course) and customer service kept telling us it was in the mail was not understanding we didn’t get the watch it was not being sent etc. u can tell they r reading a script and have no real knowledge of anything majority of the time. so I should of known that the bad taste was going to continue to linger. I feel the service is horrible got new iphone 1/2 stuff don’t work can’t connect. I had a refurbished older version iPhone and had way better connection before . I would not recommend this company to anyone I heard so many bad things since this company has been out I stayed away due to that reason for many years. We decided give it a try plus they lured us in with the great deal should of stayed away big mistake. Like I said hasn’t even been a full month and on top of all this I’m paying almost $200 a month more to be miserable and in happy with service and not being able to use all the functions cause connection blows. If thinking about switching please do yourself a favor don’t. I never write reviews ever but I had to if this helps even 1 person. Don’t make same mistake cause I’m stuck now. I wish I could give it a positive one i at the moment have not one positive thing to say except they are good liars.
I wanted to pay my AT@T Mobility Bill on the telephone. Voice mail said that. To talk to a live representative. You will be charged a $5.00 Dollar convience fee on next bill. We all know that this business already hits us with alot of nonsense fees already. This is unreal. To be charged a convience fee to pay your bill.
They don't look out for there costumes it's all about the money be paying for 2 years on time lost my job out of work for 3 months they don't care please don't go to them they boss don't care either been on the phone with them all day
"If you click start chat on cancel order page , takes you to gaming site.Ha, I love the response, I, a customer can use my time contact another person at Vodaphone, but this department in Vodaphone will do bugger all. AMAZING. This reply certainly justifies my 1 star"
"The Vodafone network is by far the worst mobile network in the UK. The network has been unavailable in my area for over 3 months (Vodafone are aware), with no indication as to when it will be fixed. My wife, two kids and I are all moving to a different company that actually cares about its customers."
"T-Mobile says iPhone on us. That means free to the consumer. They deceive you with statement credits which require you to stay with them for 24 months or you pay full price for the phone, now your a hostage. It took 3 weeks to receive a ""free phone"" just to find out it's not truly free. If it was free, I'd be free to leave anytime due to poor CS , poor signals and outright crappy overall verbage from their "" global partners"" poor understanding of the English language. There's no freedom in Amerika or with T-Mobile. If your looking for more deceptive practices in your life, hook up with Satan and his minions at T-Mobile. You'll get with anger."
"For the love of humanity and god, Do not ever choose ATT. They are open criminals and will do anything to siphon money from you. I thought ATT was a big company and they had millions of cell towers so they must be good. But I made the mistake of not checking trustpilot.. They have 1 star overall review which is INSANE. Do yourself a favor and go with Usmobile, mint mobile,redpocket, or Tmobile. They would not let me cancel my port request, wouldn't let me cancel my service, and they ship you out a ESIM instead of emailing you it."
"I switched to Vodafone broadband from another provider. They advertised that they offer up to £100 credit to cover early contract termination fees.Firstly, the offer is deceptively worded. It is not up to £100. Later I found it was only up to £25. Then they expect me to fill in a form to claim the £25. I did this and it was rejected. I sent them the bill from my previous provider, but it wasn't enough for them. And I sent them my bank statement showing the leaving fee I had to pay. Still not enough. They have me running around in circles trying to claim £25 that I'm entitled to."
"Had their Broadband installed. Please do not go with these.Absolutely terrible.They make the old copper internet look fast and reliable.The Hub, well not a good word can be said about it.Have to keep powering it off, to get it to work.Please avoid for your sanity"
T mobile is robbing seniors. They upped me 15. Let's all move over to Pure Talk. T Mobile does not respect us.
I purchased an extender due to my internet coming in and out the extender was right next to my tv made no difference this company charged me still for months I never used service had to do a chargeback had Elisabeth from AT&T presidential services reach out acting like she would help she completely stopped responding to my emails. I won’t ever trust this company again !
The company offices an unlimited cell services so I had this issue with Metro PCS and they corrected it because I would run out of data for my time was up on my monthly plan I said with your offering unlimited why they need to upgrade my planning from running out of data and they changed it well I'm with AT&T now and I have unlimited but after I pay my bill two weeks into the plan they send me a text and says I'm almost capped at my data but if it's Unlimited I should be capped at all so I have to go make an additional payment to free up more data why do I have to feel more data if it's Unlimited when you try to call them it's hard to get through to them they're trying to capture your line and send you through all these queries and options so you can't even talk to representative they're misleading the public some misrepresentation and I call it fraud and file a complaint with the FCC and the internal General because unlimited it means there's no ceiling on the amount of data you can use but AT&T is manipulating as consumers and this has to stop
I wish I could leave zero stars because their customer service is absolutely horrible and all they do is lie to you! I spoke with CS representatives after waiting on hold for hours (2) and then once I got a rep on the phone it was a series of being placed on hold several times while they supposedly were talking to their manager/back office staff or supposed help desk and in then end I wasted over 4 hours of my life and they were unwilling to help absolutely the worst customer service I’ve ever had the experience to deal with and the service is subpar compared to my old carrier (Verizon Wireless) which I had for over a decade (30y) and I would have never switched but my bill was out of control and they were offering new subscribers a better price and loyalty means nothing to them but in hindsight I wish I never left if I knew how shitty the service was and how awful the customer service is well buyer beware STAY AWAY FROM ATT!! They are the worst
Anytime you need to talk to someone they transfer you around for an hour or 2. They don’t give any info to the person  you’re transferred to meaning you have to start over. Or they transfer you to the main customer service number where you also have to start over.
Hi can I am ask You Mr Supervisor wath is our Name?
"I've been without internet since Christmas Eve.  While AT&T employees were at home enjoying their internet, paying customers were at home WITHOUT working internet.  AT&T is not communicating with customers regarding restoration times.  I'm paying for internet service that I cannot use."
"The WORSE INTERNET SERVICE EVER!!!, Customer Services it always has a perfect justification for the superbad service,  they never find the solution to make the service better,  me, my family and many friends just can't wait to finish the stupid contract with themTERRIBLE SERVICE,  PLEASE DO NOT WASTE MONEY AND TIME!!! SERIOUSLY"
I would give zero Stars if I could this company is scamming. their fees are outrageous and they're not detailed whatsoever they completely get you on late fees and reconnection fees 2 months after you had thought bill was paid in full they are completely unclear and they lie when you talk to them through service
"Big mistake on my part switching from T-Mobile to ATT. Since then, in order to connect my phones properly I must have spent 20 to 30 actual hours on the phone with various assistants from all over the world, in which ""most"" of them are very hard to understand, and seem to pull out an answer from a cheat sheet in front of them. 10 months later I'm still having issues.I now just called because I received a special offer for current customers that have Fiber optic Internet service, and they are telling me that the special offer does not apply to me. But when I read the offer thru the email they have sent me it clearly said for current customers upgrading to 1 Gig. with no other services needed.Apparently I don't know how to read! What has become to our wonderful old Country. Going downhill fast. I can't for the services to end so I can ditch ATT for good."
"As of today, 10-19-2024, I had another disappointing experience at the AT&T store located at 2510 S Telegraph Road, Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302, involving the manager, Jon. I traded in my iPhone 13 as part of the $700 off promotion on the iPhone 16. After setting up my new phone, I asked Jon to show me the promotion details on AT&T's website, citing a past issue where I didn't receive my full credit for three phones at this location. The manager, Forrest Hughes, handled the two phones in 2022. Jon refused to assist me, stating it wasn't his job, and became very dismissive. When I handed him my phone to help find the information, he attempted to navigate the AT&T website for about a minute but couldn't locate the details. At this point, he threw my phone on the table and rudely told me that my previous bad experiences were due to ""bad people"" who didn't represent AT&T.Fortunately, another employee, Aayan, stepped in and found the trade-in information within one minute. Aayan was polite and professional throughout the interaction, which starkly contrasted with Jon's rude behavior."
for starters they suspended my account and when i contacted them they said it was “accidental” and unsuspended it. not to bad but then i couldn’t change my plan or view any other plans in app. i opened a triuble ticket and nothing happened so i was stuck with my call/text unlimited only. NO DATA and then the next month i got charged 466 dollars for data roaming and using excessive data when i had NO DATA and 0 BYTES USED. contacted customer support and got told nothing they could do and then they recommended upgrading my plan and getting their home internet. this company is terrible and a scam. don’t recommend
Horrible customer service constantly raising prices.It actually seems Like they are intentionally try too loose customer's .
The service on a brand new iPhone works the same with 4 bars as it does with 1 aka it doesn’t work plus the terrible iPhone 15 pro max which is supposed to be amazing can barley do shi with even WiFi it 2024 I would like to open google and make a call on my phone but ig that’s too much to ask
"Vodafone think it's great to breach GDPR, talk over me and lie to me And then have the audacity to imply I'm wrongSort it outYou have my phone number I suggest your complaints team use it"
"I ported my network to other network and I was initially told ill get full refund which is there in my vodafone account, but unfortunately today when I called for refund 5% cancellation fees were applied which was very annoying, it seem whenever yhe provider wants they get different policy in place as per situation and never advice before.Shame and I would never recommend anyone for vodafone.I did not had any contract it was pay as u go i have to recharge bundle every month"
"We were sold ATT cellular at $120 p/m for 4 lines and new iPhones included.  We were happy with T Mobile at $170 but saving $50 per month and getting new phones is a good deal.  After several weeks of hell it’s apparent that the sales rep lied through his teeth.  Our bill is well into the high $200s and as of yet no one can really confirm what it will be in the end, but it certainly won’t meet his written quote.  ATT keeps giving us different stories and can’t seem to confirm anything.  This is just an atrocious con and the salesman and his supervisor have ghosted us."
"I simply want to remove Alexa device from Vodafone One Number and add my iPaid Air with e-sim.* Spent all morning messaging Vodafone support on X* Spent an hour with Tobi BOT then human chat* Spent another hour on 191speaking to humansAfter all this i am no further forward!Complaint 1.  One of the support people transferred me to sales to get rid of me!Complaint 2.  A lady i spoke to tried her best for 30 minutes or so but in the end admitted she was unable raise anyone in technical!Complaint 3. Apparently what i want can only be done on 191 by speaking to technical, cannot be done on app or by lesser mortals.How does one get to speak to someone who has technical knowledge and access to systems to make changes? In the end i hung up and gave up.So, Vodafone when you reach out to me please do not suggest i call 191 but instead give a direct number to someone who knows their onions.I have lost a day put of my life and now have high blood pressure and generally a poor opinion of Vodafone."
"WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER and BILL INCREASED DRASTICALLY with no explanation. I called Customer Service to sit on hold for 17 minutes and then ""try"" and speak with the person who could barely speak English.  I was trying to resolve an issue from the previous month when I called and was told it was ""all fixed now.""  SURPRISE, still messed up.  All these representatives do is keep saying ""please hold,"" ""I am sorry about your experience but rest assured I will assist you,""  and when you tell them that the information you were provided the last time you called and they are now saying ""I am sorry that is  wrong but I will assist you,"" and you get completely different information.  I have been with AT&T for over 10 years and the past couple of years their customer service is AWFUL!!!!!   Can't speak English clearly to understand, have NO IDEA what they are saying and information they are providing, and everyone tells you something different!!  My elderly parents and my aunt are also with AT&T and unfortunately I have tried to assist both of them the past few weeks and also had horrible experiences (not to mention the phone calls both lasted over an hour and a half)!    I have already switched to Verizon (as of yesterday) and I will be assisting my parents and aunt leave AT&T this weekend.  Hard to believe that about 5 years ago I actually wrote another review for AT&T giving them 5 stars and talking about how they were one of the ""few companies left who still truly believed in good customer service; and although the outcome of my conversation wasn't exactly what I hoped for, the customer service representative was polite, knowledgeable, and took the time to explain everything to me.""  What happened AT&T?????"
"T-Mobile was hacked around 2023 and since thenmy phone is flooded with daily text messages askingfor donations to Trump campaign, my opinions aboutRepublican candidates, surveys and messages fromcandidates. Reporting text as junk and delete doesn’t help because random numbers continue.Only eats up my iOS memory."
"WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO ATT❓ The customer service the last couple of years has gotten progressively worse!I have invested hours trying to speak to a NATIVE ENGLISH SPEAKING CUSTOMER SERVICE SUPERVISOR!No matter how many times you say ‘Customer Service’ you are routed to ANDY…which only half works in any given day! Then you are transferred to a recording that gives you an option for a ‘call back’…one that never comes!SO YOU START OVER JUST TO KEEP BEING LOOPED AROUND AND AROUND! FINALLY GET SOMEONE AND CAN’T UNDERSTAND MOST OF WHAT THEY ARE SAYING!This company has sent a clear message that they do not care about us as customers and ALL THEY CARE ABOUT IS GIVE ME YOUR MONEY!I left Sprint over 20 plus years ago and my family came to ATT because the customer service was so bad! ONLY RECENTLY HAS ATT BASICALLY BECOME THEM IN HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!It is so frustrating to have to spend this much time trying to get through to someone! My daughter was smart enough to leave 5 years ago to T Mobile and we were too stupid to leave! Because we have been with ATT for more than 20 years, I tried to hang but it’s time! This is outrageous!"
"The worst experience EVER!I wish I can give zero star here.Here is a story: decided to try a service for Apple watch I bough for my kid, but the service for watch does not work without a phone, so I decided I do not need that service (i did not activate that service, I did not use it a single second), tried to cancel it and was NOT able to do so!!! Went to customer support online, over the phone, two different stores and answer was the always the same - ""Im sorry we are not able to cancel this service without passcode"" (and thats after I provided all possible IDs - passport, SSN, driver license). So I decided to just remove my payment method from that NEWER USED service and guess what - ATT contacted me for no payments and threaten they will go to collectors.P.S Recommendations to ATT managers (PMs, TPMs, etc): learn the ""breaking glass scenario"" and implement it!P.P.SThe ""breaking glass scenario"" refers to a contingency plan that is put in place for emergency situations (ex: no passcode and client wants to cancel the service - they should able to do so!!!!)"
"Absolute lack of communication and cancellation of my order without any reason means that now I will lose a lot of money having to substitute broadband until another provider can activate it.For context, I'm moving house and on 6th October I placed an online order for Vodafone broadband for my new home. I have received all confirmations, and few days later my bank notified me of a new Direct Debit for Vodafone being set-up.A day before the move (today), I checked on the progress of the order via a tracker, just in case. To my surprise, the order is CANCELLED. When I asked one of the advisers, all they said was that there is no stated reason for this.This means that I wasted a week waiting for an order that will never come, and now the soonest I can get a broadband active in my new home is in 2 weeks time.I work from home and require reliable broadband connection, so now I will have to either spend A LOT of money on daycare and commute to the office every day, or spend also A LOT of money for some mobile router and/or some high data plan, and pray that it will be reliable enough.I will never even attempt to be a Vodafone customer after this experience, if you can't even handle sales properly, which is literally the easiest part of the customer journey."
"This morning our wifi went down and it turns out that vodafone have accidentally closed our account instead of starting a new one. They have admitted it was their mistake but have now said they cannot get us up and running again until the 31st December which is 3 weeks away! We live in a house with very low signal so we are unable to data hotspot and 2 people work permanently from home. I am absolutely appalled that there is nothing they can do to reactivate our account or fast track us to a new account when it was their mistake and they are leaving us in a position with no wifi for 3 weeks over Christmas. Absolutely no customer service or consideration for their customers to rectify this issue which was their own mistake to start with, beyond disappointed, stay away from this company."
"Almost an unimaginably low level of customer service.  Once you are lucky enough to actually talk to a service representative, they appear to be friendly and willing to address your issue.  But appearances are deceiving, as are the commitments made by the representatives.Do not trust or believe anything the service rep says or promises.  Get it in writing.  Oh, wait, they won't put it in writing, and they won't check the calls that are supposedly ""recorded for quality control"" to see what kind of lies the rep told you as an inducement to get or keep you as a customer.I have been fighting with AT&T since March in an attempt to have them honor the price concession they promised as an incentive for my purchase of an IPhone 15 Pro Max.  To date, there is still no resolution.  Each representative spoken with gives the same standard BS response, namely that the case has been approved, and it will take 2 to 3 billing cycles for the appropriate credits to appear.Thinking of using AT&t as your mobile carrier?Expect the worst, and you will not be disappointed."
The staff are a joke as soon as you have a problem don’t want to know when I have paid for my phone in a few months will see if I can go with another service provider the staff and customer service are a joke
"I would go negative if possible. I was with ATT over 10 years. Went to the Levelland, Texas store and had the worst experience ever!!!!   DO NOT use this store. Drive to Lubbock if you need to go to a store.   I am leaving ATT over this experience."
"Vodaphone phoned me twice in the last ten minutes in spite of me being on the TPS (telesales preference service) which means I don’t want cold call telesales.Vodaphone is a horrible company and gave me useless service- I could never get a signal. When I complained and said I wanted to cancel the contract they said I’d have to pay to get out of it. I complained and eventually got some compensation but God knows how many important calls I missed, including from the hospital when I needed to go in emergency"
T-Mobile is a complete damn scam. I paid the bill. That’s why I got rid of my phone. I didn’t like the service I’m on the phone talking to it’s  cut off. I paid the bill. They bill me for $1.25 keep adding me fees for Phone that I don’t have. That’s why I got rid of the complete scam.
"Absolutely Terrible service, internet doesn’t work even though you pay an extortionate amount a month for their service. Would advise everyone not to use their services."
The majority of the customer care specialists have no clue what they are doing.  They read a script.   I had to call multiple times this week trying to resolve and issue with a phone and it was HORRIBLE. I wasted hours on the phone - one rep was very helpful but the info she gave was incorrect - and led to more calls and trips to the store - then I escalated to a supervisor - only to find out after 90 minutes on the phone with him - the info he gave me wasn't accurate because he is in a different time zone - my question was - how do I know that?  Shouldn't he know that?   So they told me they were trying just to set the expectations - it ended with my reply of - no your not setting the expectations - you are telling me that once again T-Mobile is failing and not fulfilling their obligations for the 2nd time this week.   I've been with Sprint/T-mobile for 21 years and am seriously considering a change.
"The services really sucks i can't even connect to the app when i got 5G indicated in my screen and to top it up i am paying a lot for this and they won't even fix the issue i had for six months. I am constantly being charged for ""one time charge"" restoral fee that is not even my fault. I have talked to 5 or 6 agents that says the same thing that they can help with the issue and at the end all results are the same. They will waste the time chatting and ask tge same questions and instead of fixing the issues they will just go in circles and to end it with they could not help and the issue is with the other department and they are closed already and have to schedule but when you schedule a call back for the next day guess what? Nobody will call. I got all the chat scripts that i downloaded i got screen shots and screen recording of the 5G that can't even connect to the their app just to prove it whenever i need it. I constantly ask for support to have my issues resolve and i don't think something is being done. I don't care if i pay 160$ per month for a reasonable service but not like this. I checked all the bill i payed and there is a lot of restoral and one time payment that they charged me they charged me double on some bills. Somehow my fault coz i don't check it but now i checked everything and add all of it damn i payed more than i need to and they are robbing me in front of my face all the time. So if you are at&t subscriber and don't check what is on your bill, you better start checking it all."
"Any slight change always goes wrong!I have been a customer with Vodafone for 5 Years +, every time I have moved house, changed my plan, updated details etc, something always goes wrong with my order.And in true Vodafone fashion when I move to a different provider even though I received confirmation my contract is cancelled, the process does not work and I have to contact them directly, again!"
"Started an account with AT&T.  They came out and installed everything.  The techs that came out to bury the cable buried it two inches into the ground (supposed to be six inches deep).  The next door neighbor's dogs chewed up the wire after that so I lost signal. Two days later, they came back out and reconnected it.  The dogs chewedthrough the wire AGAIN.  I canceled the account.  I was told wouldn't be charged for the week of service I received because of my bad experience.  Three weeks later, AT&T used my banking info to charge my account $262.72, disrupting my finances and causing me to file a dispute with my bank that involved providing testimony, a time-line of events and the receipt from the equipment being returned."
"Very likely the worst customer service amongst telecom companies. Lost my phone while traveling in Europe, and tried to get a new SIM card to install in a temporary phone one of my family members gave me. Spent €180 in phone calls with them, in which I was told that the first SIM i was sent was not the correct one because it had a protection feature that could not be removed; and after the supposedly “correct” second SIM was received, ran into exactly the same problem. The reps on the phone don’t seem to know anything that has to do with international travel situations, and they refuse to let you talk to supervisors and managers. It’s a total disaster…"
My broadband content control doesn't work and after 2 weeks of trying they still couldn't fix it which exposed my kids to adult content. Despite not being able to fix it they refuse to cancel my contract so I can move to other provider.
"If I could give zero stars I would. Cancelled my order TWICE without my knowledge or permission leaving me over three weeks into a new home with no broadband. I rely on broadband for work and they don’t seem to understand the seriousness of my situation. They have refused to see if they can activate me as per my second cancelled order date, instead offering me a sim to put into my O2 phone! I would never recommend Vodafone broadband to anyone."
We allowed ATT workers in our property to do their work in our backyard. I had asked them nicely to clean up after they finish their job and to make sure they leave things as they were. I took photos to show the disarray they left upon finishing their tasks five days ago. I shared this information with ATT reps and they have been unable to send someone to arrange those items lying on the ground in the manner they had originally found them. Quite irresponsible!
I shipped an ATT Uverse modem from Indiana to Michigan in 2016.  It was reported never shipped. ATT has agreement with UPS not to keep record.  This has affected my credit score for years.  This is corruption.  ATT cannot verify my shipment.
"Charge more for a slower artificially capped service.  Tried to use their chat but 'Demi' was useless and did not assist in any way.You can currently get fibre 1 for £24 a month with a £30 voucher or fibre 2 for £23 a month with a £80 voucher. Fibre 1 is a slower, artificially capped version of fibre 2."
"Worst service I have ever experienced. Signed up for Wifi and had to wait 4- 6 weeks for installation. The number of times I had to call to confirm dates for installation, only to have them cancel on the day and then on the second visit say we need to remove a tree from our yard! They even did a pre-instalment visit to check if the property would need any changes before the install - and of course they said NO we didn’t.After 4 weeks with no service and the only offer they had was to try some other provider or wait another 2-3 weeks.Awful, Awful Awful!"
F***ing  shit data plans your 4G is w**kand hope u go bust
"This place has stolen  well over $250.08 from me and has been caught in many lies by me and my bank, as they were called on a 3way call and I have a copy of each transaction  that tmobile usa inc wants to lie about  and completely refuses to fix my account  abd hold the person  accountable."
"I recently had fibre broadband installed and the engineer did a poor job, leaving a hole in the brickwork which will allow rain and insects into the fabric of the building. I called Vodafone and spoke to a lady in Egypt. She put me on hold 5 times whilst she spoke to engineers(no doubt back in the UK). I was then told to fix it myself. I said this was impossible as the damage us at first floor level. She the gave me to register for a claim form, which I did. The form asks for me to get estimates and submit for, I assume compensation. Vodafone do not seem bothered, putting the onus on the customer to sort damage caused by their appointed engineers. Dreadful service and no help whatsoever. It would take the engineer 10 minutes to sort, but instead I end up with the worry and inconvenience."
"Worst customer service. I have called about the same technical issue multiple times, at least twice a month for the last 6 months, and spent at least 3 hours every time I called ... No technical knowledge what so ever, no professionalism, and a total waste of time and money ..."
"I'm utterly disappointed with Vodafone. I feel trapped in their 24-month contract with zero flexibility. If you try to leave early, be prepared for sky-high cancellation fees, even though their service is downright terrible!The network is unreliable, with constant signal drops and slow speeds, making it impossible to use my phone for even basic tasks. As for customer service, it's a nightmare—endless waiting times, unhelpful staff, and no resolution to any issue,making fun of you when you mention about offers from other providers.It's as if they don't care once you're locked into their contract.On top of that, their prices are way too high for the poor service they offer. Honestly, you'd expect premium service for what you're paying, but all you get is frustration.Avoid Vodafone if you can—they force you into long contracts with no way out unless you want to pay extortionate fees. You're better off looking elsewhere for better service at a more reasonable price!"
An AT&T employee used my account to open an  account under my name I  was paying his bill for 14 months I found out from a friend who works there they would not tell me why an sent his bill to collection under my name an would correct this fraud an it’s still against my credit
Why customers got to pay extra 5 dollars to make. Payment in store when store is empty and nothing going on and the coverage sucks half time. Makes no sense
T moble agebt in May 2023 informed me that my apple tv was up and i would have to pay to keep. Now i been paying and tmoble is now saying no it on us for lifetime. Agent i was talking to did not document anyyhing we talked about. also new agent today just aburtly transfered me to tech support. Tech support was in dark why i was transfered. I was in dark i was being transfered. Such bad customer service.
"Took out an international plan when travelling abroad but was nevertheless charged as if this never happened. Auto pay took the money out of our account, but when challenging this, was told a credit would be passed on the next bill. This should not be the case and a credit to our bank account should be passed immediately."
"Between January 2015 and November 2017 Vodafone took £2,908.07 from my bank account which was £96.93 per month. The last month I paid them, they took £533.16. At this point I had to walk away from their services because I simply couldn’t afford to pay. This was for use of my phone when I was briefly on holiday. They then proceeded to pursue me for a debt of £1891.05 for unpaid charges. This amounted to a total of £4,799.12 of charges over 30 months which worked out at £159.97 per month. This legalised theft has since been regulated although there are still ex customers like me still being pursued through the high court for these ridiculous charges. Needless to say, Vodafone do not care about you as an individual and are only interested in exploiting you for monetary gain. I strongly recommend that customers do not sign up with Vodafone."
My pac has not yet come and my mobile data
Bought a iPhone 14 and was told they cannot unlock it and sent me somewhere else
"T-Mobile bad news don’t buy - I phone 15 - from T- Mobile store there no good you will get a problem with the camera and- t mobile will do nothing and Apple wants to charge you $1,200.00 to fix camera rip off t mobile is bad news my phone is new yet and have insurance on phone and to replace my phone they want a lot..."
I got approached by a sales person at target I switched over to AT&T and this is by far the worst mistake EVER. Everything was a lied and costumer service is useless. Don’t waste your time with this company.
"I reached out to T-Mobile for a warranty exchange! They sent me a warranty device to a store! Went to the store The store would not take my device as a warranty! This happened to me three times! I was promised by T-Mobile that I would not be charged the warranty fee, because of my wasted time! I probably spent 2 hours driving back and forth to the different stores! The first warranty device they sent me arrived with a cracked screen! I then had to send it back! Now I've been charged an extra $50 on my bill. The agent Michael that I talked to wasn't willing to help at all! He wanted to give me for the credit for the device that was sent with the broken screen! Not acknowledge the promise that the representative made about my time being wasted and not having to pay that warranty fee! T-Mobile has been the worst mistake I have ever made! I will be switching back to Verizon! T-Mobile is not the best in 5G is not the best in anything!"
"Three times I encountered this TMoble Rep from Westfield Topanga Mall, Los Angeles, Ca and the experience was just rude and traumatic.  The first experience was a roughly a year ago.  I came in the shop and he was standing by the door.  I inquired about upgrading my phone and he was impolite and sounded not interested to help me, he simply said, ""ok choose your phone in the displays"" and did not even offer to open my account.  I dismissed the experience and went out of the shop discourage about pursuing my intention to upgrade.  I never forget his face.  then almost a year later I went back with my wife to ask about the status of our account (how much we pay monthly, are we eligible for upgrade etc) the first thing he said to me was ""you don't know how much you pay on your bill? sounding sarcastic and irritated that i requested him to open my account.  I let that experience go because i was tired and in a hurry.  the third encounter with AJ was today Nov 17, 2024.  Two hours ago. And it was horrible. We came in with the intention to upgrade our phones.  He opened our account and told us that we need to pay our overdue bill first.  We were surprised of the unpaid bill because we thought we are on auto debit.  But he said sarcastically ""No you haven't paid last month's bill"".  that what it means by ""overdue"" sounding like we don't understand what the word means.  So this finally into me and reacted with all the bottled feelings i have had in the previous two encounters.  I told him this is the 3rd he has been rude to us and he accused me of making up stories and of raising my voice. And he said he has the right to refuse service and told us to leave in front of all the customers.  He is a liability to your brand.  The lady representative who was beside us was not helpful either. I know the shop is closing for the day but that is no reason to be horrible to the customer.  This experience is not acceptable."
They lie waste your time and overcharge.
"Wish I’d never joined tbh nothing but incompetence when you actually get through to speak to someone, it’s as if they haven’t been trained or something or they just can’t be assed , can’t hardly understand what they are saying and seems to me like they are half asleep on the job ,, kicking myself constantly"
"Broadband!Don't bother, constant problems with it. Won't let you out of contract even when their internet won't work. Wasted hours on the phone to them. Have left us without WiFi for days. Disappointed as when buying mobile, they were helpful. Avoid Vodafone broadband."
"Spent a week without internet. Service finally fixed correctly and order placed to bury new line. When completed, I again, no longer had service.  Checked the box at the back of my house and found line that was neatly placed under the housing to be out and poorly zip tied into the box. Obvious that they disconnected and poorly attempted to fix. When reported, was told I had to be home for repair- after already taking 2 days off of work. I can't believe a company who deals in customer service is only available 8-4 Monday to Friday.  Ready to drop AT&T internet, Direct TV, and 3 cell phones over poor customer service."
"Customer service absolutely sucks. Their service is horrible no matter where I go. I lose my connection.  I’ll be in the middle of a call and it just drops I try to call people it says call Failed. I’m sorry I ever left Verizon to come to AT&T, but I’m happy to say Today is my last day with them. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere if you’d like to be able to have a phone conversation with someone"
Very poor service. I have recently moved to a area that the service checker said has good indoor and outdoor service. When moving into the property I have had no signal inside or out. I have called vodaphone and they have said that they are very sorry but they cannot help me. Seeing as I upgraded in may and am now in a contract till may 2026 and the address that I took the contract out in had great service. I have asked for discount and they have said that I am not eligible seeing as I am in contract. The lady I spoke to said that there is nothing that she can do to help me and it's not a technical problem with anything they just don't have a great service for my postcode hu129qh. Despite the service checker saying otherwise. They do not offer a signal booster.Be careful taking out a contract with this network.
"vodaphone poor service I've had no phone or broadband for over a week,service reception is somebody reading a script you cant understand,allways says the fault is in your house but I've had the same problem for years and its always external 3 poles up the road,WYE DONT THEY LISTEN?"
Have been with them over 2yrs now. Whilst in contract I had no problems.  After contract ended  we have had so many problems with connection keeps dropping out. Every time we check connection they report there are no problems.Time to leave i think.
"I ordered T-Mobile's home internet on October 17, 2024. Big mistake! No matter where I placed the gateway in our home, the gateway only showed one bar. What a joke! It wouldn't  provide a strong enough signal for even one of our smart TVs. Constant picture and sound lag. So I reinstated Spectrum internet. On Dec 26, I called and cancelled T-mobile. I was told the cancelation would not take effect until January 16, 2025. I argued that cancelation should take immediate effect, but to no avail. What a scam! This is their way of getting another full month of paid service despite the fact that I won't be using it from Dec 26th to when the cancelation takes effect on January 16th. This is no way for a company to earn consumer's trust and respect. Ipredict that T-Mobile's sketchy business practices will soon lead to its demise. A company just can't intentionally screw consumer's over and expect to remain in business."
"Stay away run, run, run!! When 1st signed up promotion $750 off per phone (2 phones) savings $1500 after 7 months l I paid phones off in full. I bought 2 new phones they gave me trade in value and I paid cash for these and ths promotional discount. I stayed another 4 months until sneaky price increase so I switched providers. Following month received bill almost $500 I blew a gasket. What happens those so called ""PROMOTIONS"" are only if you stay with them for 24 months (it's in the fine print). If you get $1000 off per phone don't stay 24 months you pay that    BACK!!!  LONG STORY SHORT.....BEWARE OF TMOBILES PROMOTIONS and other fees I don't even want to type out."
"Revolting customer service over the whole year since I entered the contract.  First they put me on on their legacy systems, then they  could not resolve roaming charges, even though i had these charges included in my contract, and now they simple closed my complaint.  I am shocked. Totally incompetent, unpleasant, extremely poor service.MY EDIT:  The reply form Vodafone is equally unacceptable.  I called them and emailed them enough.  Where is the telephone number to a competent person??"
"OMG....T Mobile sucks!!!!! WTAF is going.  I am actually still on hold as I write this awesome review!!! 1 Hours 5 Minutes!!! AND STILL waiting...this will be the 6th person I have spoken to (well IF they pick up)...TMobile had an ""inhouse phone issue""...then ALL THE SUDDEN my work phone NO longer works...AND NOW I have to up grade to a ""business"" line.Which by the way I have on record that I told them I do work from home and NEVER had an issue with my work phone...NOW I do!!!??? Seems very odd if you ask me...after 2 years with NO issues....DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY...Please DON'T!!!!!IT IS NOW 5:36PM BEEN ON THE GOD DAMN PHONE NOW FOR 1.50 HOURS!!! AND NO ONE CAN GET THIS ISSUE FIXED...I AM NOW TALKING TO PERSON #8!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
It is the worst experiences I’ve ever had to deal with AT&T for both Internet and cellphone services.
"More than two years they can't fix the reception signal issue on Whaldarke  and Mortlake Road in Sheffield, no internet for mobile data and onw bar signal for call. While our privet and bussenes lifedepends to internet ignoring around 200 families is not the good. When calling to customer service always the same answer our system shows every thing is good, that's all, come to the area and see who's right. If someone dosn't compline it mean they already live Vodafone after facing this issues. I don't wanna hear sorry when I'm loosing my bussenes and nerve, fix the problem"
"I wouldn’t give any star if there is an option.Just joined Vodafone end of August this year. Contacted Vodafone today about myvodafone app login/register as I have issues to use the apps. For some reasons, I have never registered  the app online but their system showed that I had and asking me for pin number and memorable words.Phoned them up answered somewhere in India by someone who couldn’t even spell her own name in a NATO phonetic alphabet manner. Explained why I called. Told her all the information she needed to prove I am legit, including order number etc. Asking for pin number again, what pin number (?) which I don’t have. Then told me I did not pass the security check. I asked which questions I failed and was told the info I gave didn’t match. What info ? Told me a link in a rush which I had to clarify repeatedly.  Requested to speak to their supervisor but was told they could not help me !!!!!! I needed to go to reset my security details when I haven’t even registered in the first place.I went to the website she recommended, guess what. Same thing happened…. “The security code you entered doesn’t match what we have sent. Please enter it exactly as it appears in the text.”I have just done that !!!!!!!!!! Look like I have to visit a Vodafone branch IN PERSON to sort this out. I have never used such a lousy app and customer services like Vodafone. Also I cannot use just the mobile phone to register without a computer as when I came out the app to retrieve the code, when I went back its back to square one, going round and round the circle but was unable to complete it.  Rubbish rubbish rubbish ……"
Super shitty Wi-Fi so bloody slow 3G works faster than this I can’t even play a full round of dress to impress without Roblox kicking me out for no internet DO NOT GET TRUST ME ITS SUPER SHITTY 🤬 xoxo from playing customer 🥰
I can see why AT&T is the worst company for direct tv and any phone services! Your information is compromised and they could care less! This crap happened over a year ago and the news media is the only confirmation! When I called to cancel they hung up and had to go through another fourty five minutes to talk to clueless staff and still charging me an early termination fee! So if you like wasting money? AT&T is your place!
The service is so poor.When I changed my broadband to Vodafone I was promised in the shop that I would receive help to get set up. There is no such help available so consequently we get to change over day and I have no broadband There is just no helpWhere is the engineer that comes to the house and helps the elderly and infirm??
"I wish I could rate them 0 stars. The worst phone company by far and their customer support is filled with liars. I've been getting a 1MBPS speed for a few months now and have to rely on WiFi while I pay for their premium internet package. I spent 2 hours in an AT&T store on Sunday to hear from them that I should call 611...then an hour and a half waiting for Tech Support who then says I need Advanced Tech Support and forwards me to the billing department...I wait another 30 mins to be told by the billing department that they are sorry for me and they schedule a call for Tuesday at 2 PM > which is now the loyalty department...who tells me yes sorry but we cant give you any credit (just stick with your 1MBPS and pay for premium package)...let me pass you to Advanced Tech Support > then sends me to home internet after another 10 mins of waiting...and then home internet forwards me to Advanced tech Support...who tell me I need to speak to backoffice support....i am on a call with them right now...SHAME ON THIS COMPANY. If you ever have an option please stay away from AT&T it is by far the worst phone company with a horrible customer support,"
"price increases, customer service agents lie to get your money. Do not use them and if you can run away from them."
